Personal Development,Problem Solving,Learning & Education,Habits
Title: Learning comes from doing Content: Most people have a faulty idea about when they have actually learned something. Learning doesn't come from reading or listening. Reading creates ideas and opportunities. You only learn something when you act on it. 
Title: Personal development books Content: Reading personal development books and articles is extremely valuable. The only problem is when you confuse this with real learning.Reading a book on exercise doesn't make you fit. Reading an article on time management doesn't make you productive.
Title: Turning Ideas into Learning Content: We can increase our learning when we understand that reading is like a seed - the ideas you read about have the power to create incredible learning and understanding, but only if you act on it.Pick a few ideas that you think have the potential to benefit your life most. Then allocate time, energy and resources to practice those ideas.
Title: Find ideas Content: If you don't have enough ideas to change your life, buy some personal development books and audio material, and search through the content around the web. You will find many ideas in a short time.Most of the time, we have vague ideas but don't know what to do to make actual changes. This is because the knowing will come from the action. Start applying the ideas.
Title: Be Selective Content: Acting upon ideas takes a much larger investment of time, energy, and money than reading about them. That is why you have to be selective about what and how you apply the ideas.Write down all the ideas you have for improving your life.  From this list, select one idea and start working on it today.
Title: Get an Education Content: If you want to develop skills in any area, don't just buy a book. Put yourself in situations where you are forced to learn by doing.If you want to become a good communicator, join organizations like Toastmasters and take up any opportunity you can to speak.