Health,Personal Development,Food
Title: Coffee Culture In Italy Content: Cappuccino is only made in the morning.Highly concentrated espresso is served in small, ceramic cups, and almost taken as a shot of alcohol.Sometimes, a slice of lemon is rubbed around the edge of the cup to give some additional flavor.
Title: Coffee Culture In Mexico Content: In Mexico, coffee is served throughout the day.Called “café de olla” in Spanish, this traditional drink is brewed in individual earthenware pots filled with cinnamon sticks. This aromatic coffee is actually quite addicting.
Title: Coffee Culture In Saudi Arabia Content: Coffee comes with serious etiquette, including serving the oldest in the group first.Saudi coffee (called “kahwa”) is dark, horrendously bitter, and flavored with cardamom. The coffee is usually served with sweet dates to cut the flavor.
Title: Coffee Culture In Turkey Content: Turkish coffee is actually treated like a dessert rather than a morning energizer.Usually served after dinner with some kind of chewy candy, Turk Kahvesi is brewed in a copper pot and is absurdly hot. It is brewed according to an old proverb: “As black as hell, as strong as death, and as sweet as love.”
Title: Coffee Culture In Ethiopia Content: Over several hours, the coffee, which is called “buna” in Ethiopia is brewed in special carafes then poured from on high over cups without spilling a drop. Traditionally, the coffee is flavored with butter and salt.The pouring ceremony is only done by the lady of the household.
Title: Coffee Culture In Indonesia Content: There is something in Indonesia called “kopi luwak.” The kopi beans must first pass through the digestive tract of a civet. The beans are harvested from the civet’s droppings then roasted.It is absurdly overpriced in Indonesia, but tourists and locals love drinking it up.
Title: Coffee Culture Denmark Content: The demand for coffee in Denmark is so high, that you can find packed cafes with people all sitting steaming cups of “Kaffee”.