Corporate Culture,Personal Development,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: Avoid coming in with a pre-conceived plan Content: Chances are you’re being hired to fill a void and address current challenges that have been highlighted to you. Do not make the mistake of coming to the table with a pre-determined plan based on these challenges. Take the time to learn the challenges and the extent of them for yourself. Encourage your team to be completely open with you.
Title: Become a sponge Content: Before you can formulate the correct course of action, you’ll need to learn all aspects of the business quickly.Sit in on as many calls and meetings as you can, and don’t be shy about doing so. Make sure that the team understands that you’re doing it for learning purposes only, so your actions aren’t misconstrued as micromanaging.
Title: Notice patterns first Content: Give yourself time to notice patterns, and ensure that the changes you make address real problems and not one-off happenings.Making too many changes too quickly, especially when it comes to making cuts, may scare the strong players away and lead your team to be guarded with you. Ensure that key stakeholders who brought you onboard are aware of your approach.
Title: Treat existing team members respectfully Content: Your relationship with the displaced leader, if they are going to continue on the team, is critical to your transition as the new leader.It is important you give them the respect they need and deserve and that you have a good working relationship with him or her.
Title: Take note of strengths Content: If you’re too focused on uncovering room for improvement, you may not see what’s working for the team and the strengths of the talent you have.Learn about their hopes and aspirations for their career path and vision for the company. You may be able to leverage their expertise if the company heads in a different direction.
Title: Do not be afraid to be unpopular Content: Once you are ready to bring about informed changes, do not be too worried about being perceived as the bad guy.It is important that you share your motivations for the changes and the positive impact you expect the changes to have on the team, the business, and other stakeholders.