Problem Solving,Communication,Personal Development,Psychology,Philosophy
Title: Jumping into Conclusions Content: Jumping to conclusions is a common phenomenon, where people prematurely decide and finalize something, without having sufficient information or choosing not to consider it.
Title: Jumping into Conclusions: Examples Content: Inference-observation confusion: An assumption made that may or may not be correct. Example: Concluding that a guy is rich, based on the car he drives.Fortune-Telling: Assumption of knowing exactly what will happen in the future.Mind Reading: Assuming based on how to have read someone's mind and concluded something which may not be true.Extreme Extrapolation: Finding a minor clue and making something major out of it.Overgeneralization: Copy-pasting a piece of knowledge over something that you think is related, but is not.Labeling: Stereotypinga set of people based on their likes and dislikes.
Title: Why We Jump to Conclusions Content: The reason people jump to conclusions is the fact that they find it easy.Fact-checking and 100 percent accuracy on everything they see or observe consume way too much time for a normal person.Taking mental shortcuts is the path most people choose to jump to conclusions.
Title: Our Cognitive Bias Content: People can be biased in many ways and jump into intuitive judgments that may not necessarily be correct.

When we need to make a decision quickly, sometimes jumping into a conclusion with insufficient facts maybe the right way to go.

Jumping into conclusions becomes problematic when it gets sub-optimal and leads to wrong decisions.This is observed in the medical field(Premature Closure) and in cases of paranormal belief or witchcraft. 
Title: The Common Factors Content: Certain factors increase the chances of people jumping  into conclusions:A certain pre-existing belief, which leads to confirmation bias.A desire for closure or certainty in the future course of events.
Title: Mental Disorders Content: People with mental disorders sometimes are more likely to engage in a premature conclusion.Their inner delusions and paranoid thoughts lead to this behaviour.But also a big part of the people who believe conspiracy theories (which may or may not be true) falls into this category.
Title: A Logical Fallacy Content: While jumping to conclusions is viewed as a cognitive phenomenon, and is unintentional, it can also be a logical fallacy.This means that the jumping-to-conclusions bias causes people to jump to conclusions when it comes to their internal reasoning process, which in turn causes them to use the jumping-to-conclusions fallacy in their arguments.
Title: How to Avoid Jumping to Conclusions Content: Questionthe validity of the information.Collect maximum information before reaching any hypothesis.Come up with multiple hypotheses.Don't favor a certain outcome.Find potential flaws in your own reasoning and questionyour facts.Recheck the premise and the first principles.Use a debiasing technique, visualizing the situation from other people's perspectives.