Personal Development
Title: Do What You Love Content: Most people do not get to spend their lives doing whatever it is they love .Instead, they do what they are told they should do, or what their parents or town or friends or peers suggest that they do. Or they simply pursue nothing close to their heart at all.But if you want to “do what you love,” you need to see that as a privilege, not an expectation. 
Title: Beneath anger is always fear Content: Whenever we suffer, especially for long periods of time, at first we believe it is because of something outside of us — something we hate. And if we make it past that emotion, we find below that hate is a rumble of anger, and certainly something we have held on to for far too long.A fear of loss.A fear of vulnerability.But if you can get to the point of acknowledging the fear, you will see its lighthearted shadow, compassion.
Title: Our everyday habit forms out future self Content: When that action is replicated over the course of a week, you begin to scratch the surface of change.When that action is replicated over the course of a month, you begin to notice a slight difference.When that action replicated over the course of a year, or two years, or five years, you may no longer recognize yourself — you will have changed, in that particular way, completely.Do not underestimate the power of each and every small habit, replicated over time. 
Title: Our emotions takes practice Content: You can practice self-awareness and humor, just as easily as you can practice anger, resentment, drama, and conflict. Who you are, emotionally, is a reflection of the things you consciously (or unconsciously) practice. You were not “born” upset.You have merely practiced that emotion far more than you have, say, joy.
Title: Everyone has his or her own agenda Content: It is worth acknowledging that, at the end of the day, we all must provide for ourselves. We all have our own dreams, goals, aspirations, families, close friends, and significant others, and we all want the same fundamental things.You cannot expect them to put you before themselves. And trying to do so may work for a period of time, but eventually, the truth will rise to the surface.Instead, make it a point to address and help others move toward their own dreams, as you request their help in moving toward yours.
Title: Achievements will never be as fulfilling Content: It is entirely another to sacrifice your own well-being, and the well-being of those around you, for that goal and its achievement.The high at the end is never worth the emotional strain that takes place to get there. If you are not able to enjoy the journey with those around you, then the end goal will become meaningless.
Title: Working hard and laughter are not mutually exclusive. Content: The best ideas come through ease.The best flow happens in moments of joy.The human connection begins with laughter and to laugh while working or solving a problem is to be open to new possibilities. Some people never learn this — they become grumpy and old.