Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Why you procrastinate Content: Procrastination is fundamentally an emotional reaction to what you have to do. The more aversive a task is to you, the more you’ll resist it, and the more likely you are to procrastinate.Aversive tasks tend to: be boring, frustrating, difficult, lack intrinsic rewards, be ambiguous and unstructured.
Title: Make a task less aversive Content: When you notice yourself procrastinating, use your procrastination as a trigger to examine a task’s characteristics and think about what you should change.By breaking down exactly which attributes an aversive task has (boring, frustrating, difficult, meaningless, ambiguous, unstructured), you can take those qualities and turn them around to make the task more appealing to you.
Title: Unproductive responses Content: ... people have when they procrastinate:Distracting yourself, and thinking about other thingsForgetting what you have to do, either actively or passivelyDownplaying the importance of what you have to doFocusing on your other values and qualities that will solidify your sense of selfDenying responsibility to distance yourself from what you have to doSeeking out new information that supports your procrastination.
Title: Limit your time Content: Limiting how much time you spend on a task makes the task more fun, more structured, and less frustrating and difficult because you’ll always be able to see an end in sight.And instead of throwing more time at the problem, you force yourself to exert more energy over less time to get it done, which will make you a lot more productive.
Title: Be kind to yourself Content: Be mindful of how kind you are to yourself, and watch out for times when you try to deceive yourself.The reason you deceive yourself when you procrastinate: at the same time that you know you should be doing something, a different part of you is very much aware that you’re not actually doing it, so you make up a story about why you’re not getting that thing done.
Title: Just get started Content: You just need enough motivation to get started.Once we start a task, it is rarely as bad as we think: your attributions of the task change, and what you think about yourself changes, too.For example, to go for a swim in a cold pool, you just need to be motivated for the 30 seconds it takes you to jump in and start swimming.
Title: The costs of procrastinating Content: Activating the rational part of your brain to identify the costs of procrastinating is a great strategy to get unstuck.So make a listof the tasks you’re procrastinating on, and then note how your procrastination has affected you in terms of things such as your happiness, stress, health, finances, relationships, and so on.
Title: Think about your future-self Content: Research has shown that we have the tendency to treat our future-selves like complete strangers, and that’s why we give them the same kind of load that we’d give a stranger.
Title: Disconnect from the Internet  Content: 47% of people’s time online is spent procrastinating, so our best tools for productivity (computers, smartphones) are potentially also one of our greatest time wasters.To get something done, we need to disconnect from potential distractions like social-networking tools.
Title: Form “implementation intentions” Content: Especially for tasks that are not defined and poorly structured.This meansthinking about when, where, and how you’re going to do them.Move from broad goal intentions to specific implementation intentions.
Title: Seek out more meaningful work Content: You procrastinate a lot less with meaningful tasks that are intrinsically rewarding.In every job, there are going to be tasks you find aversive, but when you constantly find yourself procrastinating because your work is aversive, there may be other jobs that are more aligned to your passions, that you will be much more motivated and productive in.