Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication
Title: Nothing is too big to tackle Content: Final Fantasy VII has you battle a man on his way to becoming a God. But the game teaches you the importance of taking a stand and fighting for the right reasons, even in the face of defeat.
Title: Determination is key Content: Whether it's powering through the many dungeons of Hyrule in a Legend of Zelda game or trying to complete an especially difficult assignment at work, you're not going to accomplish it all in one day.The key to getting through it all is to remain steadfast and keep moving forward, no matter the difficulty. Procrastination certainly doesn't help; it'll still be waiting right where you left off.
Title: Sometimes it takes teamwork Content: If Team Fortess 2 has anything to teach, it's that even the motliest of crews can win the day when they work together toward a common goal.Sometimes the best teams come together from different walks of life, so don't be afraid to bring your cocky Scout and your experimental Medic even if it seems they won't work well together.
Title: Confront your problems Content: Silent Hill 2 protagonist James spends the majority of the game denying that he murdered his wife, and the town of Silent Hill feeds on his guilt and grief.Tackling the situation full on isn't always the easiest solution, but it's more effective than denying its existence and letting it slowly consume you.
Title: The world is yours to explore Content: In GTA V you can do almost anything: hang-glide, play tennis, go to the movies, even take artsy photos with a cameraphone.The big question is: Why not do these things outside, in the real world? Don't rob a bank or steal cars, but scuba diving is way more fun when you're in actual water with real-life fishes, no matter how beautifully rendered the graphics.
Title: Always be prepared Content: You didn't just learn this lesson from Call of Duty, but rather from every single war and combat simulator and first-person shooter game ever produced.Being well-prepared goes beyond supplies; it's vital to learn how to use your environment to your advantage, to find the best tool for the job ... and to hide your reserves of cheese puffs so your co-workers will never find them.
Title: You can do anything you put your mind to Content: If the Mario franchise has taught us anything, it's that you can do anything so long as you can try your best. Mario is a plumber by profession, yet he successfully navigates through several dungeons, defeats bosses and rescues the princess on a regular basis.
Title: Things aren't always what they seem Content: Every level of Pac Man the ghosts move in particular patterns. It's a trick most seasoned arcade players have noticed. In the same way, the answer to a problem or situation may not be immediately obvious. It may take a lot of thinking or planning to achieve your desired result, but it will be well worth it in the end. Especially if you can beat those conniving ghosts.
Title: Choices have consequences Content: In Fallout 2 depending on the choices you make, who you kill and the quests you complete, there are 47 different endings you can achieve. Just like in real life, everything you do in gameplay has a consequence; so it's unwise to haphazardly make decisions about who to trust and what to prioritize. When you do make a decision, think through all the possible ramifications.