Personal Development,Habits,Health,Time Management
Title: Building habits Content: Our habits have the power to enable us, most of the time, to live a more organized life. However, we might find it quite challenging when it comes to establishing new habits, as they require time and strong will.We should start by taking small steps every day in order to get used to eventually taking big ones for longer periods of time. 
Title: Set measurable targets as habits Content: When trying to build new habits, be specific by thinking about ways to measure the evolution of your action: set clear targets that can help you, when the deadline previously decided on approaches, to evaluate your progress. 
Title: The pros and cons of building new habits Content: When picking up a new habit, think it well through: take into account the possible inconveniences as well as the most attractive advantages.Remember that sometimes it might get harder to keep to the habit, but eventually, you are doing it for a good cause that is related directly to yourself. 
Title: Get used to planning Content: Whenever you plan on building a new habit, make sure that you have already planned thoroughly what to do when difficulties appear: how to handle the situations that make it harder to respect your new routine.
Title: Associate new habits to the old ones Content: If you feel like picking up a new habit, don't start from scratch. It is easier when you associate a new habit to one that already exists.This way, it will seem less work and fewer changes. In the end, both notions tend to scare us, so why not better avoid them?
Title: Ensure the means Content: When building a new habit, make sure you have all the means that would enable you to get to like it faster.Equipment is often what matters the most when trying to get used to a new routine. 
Title: Provide the proper reward Content: When considering a new habit, make sure you see its accomplishment as satisfying rather than tiring. Therefore, choosing the proper reward for after completion of the habit can make you feel more at ease when it comes to your new routine. 