Teamwork,Personal Development,Communication,Career,Remote Work
Title: Arrive Early on the First Day Content: Reporting to work late on the first day or during the first few weeks can leave the wrong impression.To be punctual, you can find out about the reporting time and work towards getting to the workplace at least 15 minutes earlier. Take into account factors such as ongoing construction, traffic, and other hiccups that might delay you from getting to work on time.
Title: Make a good first impression Content: The first day in a company is all about making good impressions. And an excellent elevator pitch is one way of endearing yourself to your new workmates. An elevator pitch is a 15–30-second speech that tells your colleague who you are, the roles you have held previously, and what you will be doing in the new job.Your pitch should never belengthy. Since you are a stranger in the new workplace, an elevator pitch assists in breaking the ice and striking up conversations as you do your work.
Title: Listen Carefully and Ask Questions Content: Being a good listener can help you catch on things about the company and your job quickly.It is also a good idea to seek clarification by asking various questions.Prepare both general and practical questions concerning the dynamics of your new role.
Title: Build Relationships from Day 1 Content: Forming good relationships with your coworkers will help you transition to the new role fast.Learn the names of other employees and professionally integrate into the new community. Confine questions and details about yourself within acceptable boundaries to earn respect at work. Go out of your way to initiate meaningful conversations rather than waiting to be approached.
Title: Learn the Organization’s Culture Content: Go through the company’s employee handbook to find out more useful info regarding its policies and rules.Observing actions by your coworkers can help you to do the work you are assigned as per the organization’s guidelines.
Title: What you should not do Content: Don’t Make or Receive Many Personal CallsDon’t Assume Anything. Details such as the dress code and working hours should not be assumedDon’t Participate in Office GossipDon’t Criticize Your Former Workplace.