Personal Development,Career,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: The questions to ask for success Content: Ambitious professionals often spend much time thinking about strategies that will enable them to reach greater levels of success. But, despite their accomplishments, they still lack a true sense of professional fulfillment and are often deeply frustrated with their careers.The question to ask is not how to reach the top, but rather to take a personal look at how you define success, and then finding your path to get there.
Title: Managing your career is your responsibility Content: To define success for yourself, you must take a step back and reassess your career. It starts with acknowledging that managing it is your responsibility.  Taking control requires you to take a fresh look at your behaviour in three areas:Knowing yourselfExcelling at critical tasksDemonstrating character and leadership
Title: Knowing yourself and your skills Content: Taking responsibility for your career starts with an accurate assessment of your current skills.Write down your three greatest strengths and your three most significant weaknesses. This requires reflection and seeking the views of people who won't mind telling you the truth. It takes a willingness to confront your weaknesses, fears, and blind spots.Figure out what you genuinely enjoy doing. Then ask how well it matches what you currently do. Loving what you do gives you the strength to weather personal setbacks, overcome adversity, face and address your weaknesses, and work long hours required to reach your full potential.
Title: Excelling at critical tasks Content: It isn't easy to succeed if you don't excel at the tasks that are central to your chosen field.Many executives can't identify the three of four main activities that lead to success in their business. The ability to identify critical tasks helps you determine how to spend your time and develop your skills.
Title: Demonstrating character and leadership Content: Character and leadership often separate the good performance from the great performance.One measure of character is the degree to which you put the interests of your company and colleagues ahead of your own. Excellent leaders coach and mentor. They will make recommendations to benefit the company, even if the actions may not be in their own short-term interest. They are willing to speak up and realize they can hit a plateau by playing it safe.