Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Health
Title: How to Develop Habits Content: Focuson just one habit, for 30 days.Put it on paper, together with your motivations, obstacles, and strategies for overcoming them.Commit fully, preferably in a public way.Track your progress.Remain publicly accountable — report on your progress each day.Have support for when you falter.Reward small wins.If you fail, figure out what went wrong, plan for it, and try again.
Title: Develop Positive Thinking Content: Start by becoming more aware of your negative self-talk:do a little tally sheet throughout the day, marking a tally each time you notice a negative thought. Soon you’ll recognize them, and you can squash them.
Title: Exercise Content: How exercise is improving your life:It makes you feel better about yourself and more confident.It forces you to think positively, in order to sustain exercise.It relieves stress and gives you time to think.It helps with creativity.
Title: Single-tasking Content: You’ll be more effective with your tasksand get more done. Things like constantly switching tasks and being distracted by other “urgent” things really affect overall productivity.You’ll be less stressed overall and (in my experience) happier throughout your day.
Title: Focus on one goal Content: This is the mostpowerful way of achieving your goals. When you try to take on many goals at once, you’re spreading thin your focus and energy — the two critical components for achieving a goal.
Title: Eliminate the non-essential Content: The essential relates tothe things that are most important to you from your life.Find them and theneliminate everything else. This simplifies things and leaves you with the space to focus on the essential. 
Title: Kindness Content: Do something kind for someone each day.Each time you interact with someone, try to be friendly and compassionate.Try volunteering, to help those in need and taking the initiative to relieve suffering.
Title: Daily routine Content: The best routines come at the start and end of the day because they give a great start and finish to your day.Develop a routine for when you awake, for when you start working, for when you finish and leave work, and for your evening.