Money & Investments,Personal Development,Career,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: Take on more responsibility Content: Command the tasks and responsibilities in your current role,then start solving the problems that your soon-to-be self would be working on.The only way to effectively do this is through careful time management. Understand the core strategy of your organization, ask lots of hard questions and align your priorities with that of the company.
Title: Proactively communicate wins Content: Consistently exceed expectations in terms of your current role and job responsibilities. Take on more than expected, and manage these projects as well as your more senior colleagues.Share your accomplishments early and often.
Title: Demonstrate your accomplishments Content: Demonstrate that you have taken on additional responsibilities and provide specific details about your accomplishments.Share examples of projects you have completed and how they’ve positively impacted the business. Was there an increase in revenue? Did you save a customer?If you’ve received positive feedback from colleagues or other leaders regarding your work, be prepared to share that with your manager as well.Identify ways you’ve earned money for the company, for example through sales, upsells or creating efficiencies.
Title: Focus on why you deserve it Content: Not why you need it.Everyone would like to make more money, but don’t bring up personal reasons like your rent increasing, needing to plan an expensive birthday party for your dog or your vacation to Hawaii.Stick to discussing your performance and impact.
Title: Practice your pitch conversations  Content: ... in which you are asking for something almost always go better if you've rehearsed in advance and have considered the many possible responses that you'll get to each of your requests, and how you'll address these responses.
Title: Do your research Content: Conduct background research to determine your market value.Study salary trends for professionals in your geographic area and industry with similar job titles, qualifications, and responsibilities to find out the market rate for your role or intended one.
Title: Talk about the future Content: Show you’re invested in the company.Volunteer for a project or create one by being a proactive problem-solver. When leveraging a project to get a raise, explain the new responsibilities you’d like to take on and how it will help the company grow and generate more money.
Title: Be prepared to hear no Content: If a raise and promotion isn’t going to happen right now, ask for things beyond salarysuch as professional development opportunities or more vacation time.