Books
Title: The 5 Love Languages Content: There are five love languages:Words of Affirmation (compliments, positive feedback)Acts of Service (washing the dishes, doing the groceries)Receiving Gifts (buying flowers, making a gift)Quality Time (going for a walk, weekend trips)Physical Touch (holding hands, cuddling)
Title: Words of Affirmation Content: This love language expresses love with words that build up your partner. Verbal compliments don't have to be complicated.“That dress looks incredible on you!”“You always make me laugh.”“I love your hair today.”Ifyourpartnerhasthislanguageof love, words meanalot.Youcangoa longwaywith congratulations and "Iloveyou".Ontheotherhand,thepartnerwillbeupset bynegativeoroffensive remarksandit maytakethem longer thanmosttoforgive.
Title: Acts of Service Content: Your partner might have this language if their motto is "Actions speak louder than words."This love language expresses itself by doing things that you know your spouse would like. Cooking a meal, doing the laundry, and picking up a prescription are all acts of service. They require some thought, time, and effort.
Title: Receiving Gifts Content: This love language isn’t necessarily materialistic. It just means that a meaningful or thoughtful gift makes your partner feel loved and appreciated.Something as simple as picking up a pint of their favourite ice cream after a long work week can make a huge impact.
Title: Quality Time Content: This love language is all about undivided attention. No televisions, no smartphones, or any other distractions.If this is your partner’s primary language, they don’t just want to be included during this period of time, they want to be the center of your attention. They want their partners to look at them and them only.
Title: Physical Touch Content: To people with this love language, nothing is more impactful than the physical touch of their partner.If Physical Touch is your partner’s primary love language, they will feel unloved without physical contact. All of the words and gifts in the world won’t change that. They want to feel you close by, not just emotionally, but physically.
Title: Find your partner's love language Content: Learning your partner’s and your own primary love language will help create a stronger bond in your relationship.Find your partner's love languageWrite down a list of things you can do according to their languageTake action on a daily or weekly basisWait for at least a month to see results
Title: The 5 Love Languages Content: There are 5 love languages:Words of Affirmation (compliments, positive feedback)Acts of Service (washing the dishes, doing the groceries)Receiving Gifts (buying flowers, making a gift)Quality Time (going for a walk, weekend trips)Physical Touch (holding hands, cuddling)
Title: Words of Affirmation Content: This language of love conveys love with words that build your partner up. Verbal compliments should not be complex."The dress looks great on you! "You really make me laugh.""Today, I love your hair."If your partner has this language of love, words mean a lot.You can go a long way with congratulations and "I love you". On the other hand, the partner will be upset by negative or offensive remarks and it may take them longer than most to forgive.
Title: Acts of Service Content: If their motto is "Actions speak louder than words," your partner could have this language.By doing things that you know your partner would appreciate, this love language expresses itself. Acts of service include cooking a meal, doing the laundry, and picking up a prescription. They need some attention, time, and effort.
Title: Receiving Gifts Content: This language of affection is not inherently materialistic. It just means that your partner feels cherished and valued with a meaningful or thoughtful gift.After a long work week, something as easy as picking up a pint of their favorite ice cream will make a big difference.
Title: Quality Time Content: This love language is all about undivided attention. No televisions, no smartphones, or any other distractions.If this is your partner’s primary language, they don’t just want to be included during this period of time, they want to be the center of your attention. They want their partners to look at them and them only.
Title: Physical Touch Content: To people with this language of affection, nothing is more impactful than their partner's physical contact.If your partner's primary love language is Physical Touch, they would feel unloved without physical contact. All of the words and gifts in the world won’t change that. Not only mentally, but physically, they want to feel you close by.
Title: Action Steps to find your Partner's Love Language Content: Learning your partner’s and your own primary love language will help create a stronger bond in your relationship.Find your partner's love languageWrite down a list of things you can do according to their languageTake action on a daily or weekly basisWait for at least a month to see results