Personal Development,Problem Solving,Creativity,Reading & Writing
Title: Freewrite Content: When you are feeling stuck, start writing about whatever is on your mind.Set aside 10 to 15 minutes. It may start out as a page of gibberish, but soon ideas will start to flow.
Title: Tackle smaller tasks first Content: If you feel overwhelmed by how little you have progressed, switch to working on mindless tasks that require little attention and allow the mind to wander. Wash the dishes, organize your bookshelf, or do laundry.By accomplishing small wins, you develop momentum and confidence to overcome your mental block.
Title: Change your environment Content: The cleanliness of your workspace affects your performance and mood at work.Having a neat, organized desk will improve your productivity and focus.A messy space can enhance creativity and help you gain fresh insights.Play around with your home or office environment and discover what works best for you.
Title: Learn something new Content: Expose yourself to new ways of thinking by learning something new.Whatever you choose to engage in, line up new experiences to set your brain on course to think in novel ways. Get your mind to expand laterally, enhancing your creativity and problem-solving capabilities.
Title: Revisit past experiences Content: By returning back to a time and place where you felt less discouraged or unproductive, you can harness the positive energy you had back then to push yourself forward and accomplish even more.Look at old pictures or listen to music that reminds you of better days and visualize yourself back in those environments.
Title: See what your friends are up to Content: Spend time researching what your acquaintances, family members, and friends have been up to on social media. It will keep you connected and possibly give you ideas on how to approach issues.But if you feelbad about yourself, be careful not to compare yourself with how your friends present themselves online. That is an ineffective way to connect with your network. 
Title: Analyze other people’s ideas Content: Research how other people have approached the issues you are trying to solve.Break down what makes their ideas work, gain inspiration from their theories, then slowly create your own ways of doing things or understanding different concepts.