Teamwork,Career,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management,Remote Work
Title: Be a Source Of Knowledge Content: A boss who’s focused on improving their managerial skills is the kind that workers will respect—and want to emulate. Stay abreast of management trends so you can continue to bring out the best in your team. 
Title: Work Together On Deadlines Content: Some managers accept or create unreasonable expectations on performance without checking in with their workers, thus causing stress.A good manager should talk to their employees and ensure expectations are well thought out and feasible before being defined.
Title: Stop Micromanaging Content: Some leaders get too deep in the details around how the actual work gets implemented, but implementation belongs to the employee.Provide accessible and regular oversight for the work to be produced—but don’t micromanage our produce it yourself.
Title: Keep Culture In Mind When Hiring Content: Cultural fit is a big component of happiness and should factor into all hiring decisions. A bad fit may bring down the whole group.Even with tight deadlines and high demands, many workers have reported being happy with their jobs if they jive well with their coworkers. Cohesive teams tend to take challenges in stride and win together.
Title: Give Frequent Feedback Content: Not receiving enough feedback stresses employees out. They don’t want to be micromanaged, but they definitely want and crave constructive criticism, and they want general feedback on their performance on a consistent level.Let employees know if they’re doing what you expect, as regularly as you can. Even if you’re just offering quarterly feedback, it will help your workers feel confident that they’re headed in the right direction.
Title: Communicate More Effectively Content: Employees see decisions made without knowing the whole story, so they tend to make up a story in their mind, and often it’s not a good story. Prevent that by keeping employees in the loop as much as possible.