Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Career,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Research your environment Content: Sometimes you'll be able to get a sneak peek of what to expect. You might be able to find company videos, YouTube channels. or helpful blogs and forums to prepare you for your first day. You can also glean tips from what employees write on glassdoor.com.
Title: Smile and ask questions Content: You're going to enjoy punching the clock much more if you genuinely like the people around you.Get started on the right foot by being friendly. People like people who are curious about them. Like it or not, "making friends" can be just as important as doing your job well.
Title: Practice saying yes Content: You might feel overwhelmed, but as a newbie always say yes if someone asks you for coffee, to lunch, to volunteer on a project or just about anything else.
Title: Don't complain Content: Take initiative, look into why things are done the way they are, and take everything as a learning experience. You need to master the field before you start making suggestions.
Title: Respect everyone Content: It doesn't matter where you are in the pecking order or where anyone else is. Treat everyone with the same high level of respect, from the entry-level employee to the CEO. You never know who could have your back, do you a favor--or even be your undoing.
Title: Give 110 percent Content: As a newbie, you need to work harder than anyone else. You need to prove you want to be there, you like to be there, and you'll give it your all.
Title: Repeat everyone's name Content: Make it a point to repeat everyone's name after introductions, and address them by name whenever possible. You need to drill those monikers into your head.
Title: Appreciate company quirks Content: You might not "get" the weird birthday song yet or why Friday night happy hours are always at the same bar but go along with it. Traditions are important, and giving them a fair shot can help you get integrated.
Title: The SOP is your bible Content: Chances are your predecessor spent a long time putting together that handbook of Standard Operator Procedures.Learn it, memorize it, and live it. It's your cheat sheet.
Title: Offer to help Content: It doesn't matter if it's carrying files to storage or helping a co-worker with a spreadsheet. If you can help in any way, do so. That's where teamwork is born.