Personal Development,Habits,Health,Time Management
Title: The Law of Least Effort Content: A whole lot of studies show people who make new year resolutions fail to stick to them eventually (over 64 %), some after the first week of January.The reason why we find the effort a big struggle is that we follow thelaw of least effort, as a natural human instinct (we tend to choose the path with the least resistance/effort)
Title: Don't Be Hasty Content: The 'Just do it' attitude can backfire in a new year's resolution.Keep the research and planning on for a few weeks, do the groundwork and start slow, showing that you mean it.
Title: Pleasure Principle Content: As we are more inclined to do things we enjoy, it is better to find some fun in what we resolve to do.If the task is unpleasant by nature, try to cover it with your favorite music or a reward after completion.
Title: Use Your Failures Content: If you fail at something, use that experience to change your way of doing things, reviewing, analyzing and correcting your course where required.Find the reason why something didn't work, and using constructive self-feedback, forge ahead in your resolution.
Title: Over-Positivity Content: Positive thinking is a great help in resolutions, but too much of it can backfire.Instead of plain vanilla positive thinking, plan ahead on the upcoming obstacles that are likely to be faced, and find a strategy to nullify them with positive action.
Title: Break it Down Content: Instead of a big goal that seems undoable after a while, create small daily goals.Creating small goals that are easy to do (like walking for 10 minutes per day) makes it easier to maintain your resolution, and eventually achieving bigger goals.
Title: Repeat Content: It takes about 66 days to form a new habit, and it is done by repeating the action.Repeating the same thing in the same situation creates a habit.
Title: Think Different Content: You can get creative on your resolution by thinking differently, like instead of treating the goal as an alien concept that you desire, try imagining it as something that was yours, which you have now lost it, and your actions are to reclaim it now.
Title: Keep it a Secret Content: While socially declaring your resolutions has some benefits of peer pressure and accountability, new research says it is better to keep it a secret.Keeping it a secret acts as a psychological pusher in us to keep going.
Title: Be Kind to Yourself Content: Do not treat yourself badly if you miss your goal. It is not easy to form new habits.Keep going, don't give up, but don't punish yourself either for the occasional slip-up.