Communication,Teamwork,Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Be calm Content: Someone who is calm is seen as being in control, centered and more respectable.Unless you know that anger will trigger the person into action and you are consciously using it as a strategy to move him/her, it is better to assume a calm persona.
Title: Understand the person's intentions Content: Even when it may seem that the person is just out to get you, there is always some underlying reason that is motivating them to act this way.Try to identify the person's trigger: What is making him/her act in this manner? What is stopping him/her from cooperating with you? How can you help to meet his/her needs and resolve the situation?
Title: Get some perspective from others Content: In all likelihood, your colleagues, managers and friends must have experienced similar situations in some way or another. They will be able to see things from a different angle and offer a different take on the situation.
Title: Where you are coming from Content: Letting them in on the reason behind your actions and the full background of what is happening will enable them to empathize with your situation.This lets them get them on-board much easier.
Title: Build a rapport Content: Connect with your colleagues on a personal level. Go out with them for lunches or dinners. Get to know them as people, and not colleagues. Learn more about their hobbies, their family, their lives. Foster strong connections. These will go a long way in your work.
Title: Treat the person with respect Content: If you are going to treat the person with disrespect, it's not going to be a surprise if he/she treats you the same.Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Title: Focus on what can be actioned upon Content: Acknowledge that the situation has already occurred.Rather than harp on what you cannot change, focus on the actionable steps you can take to forward yourself in the situation.
Title: Ignore Content: If you have already tried everything and the person is still not being receptive, the best way might be to just ignore.Get on your daily tasks and interface with the person only where needed.
Title: Escalate to a higher authority Content: When all else fails, escalate to your manager.This is considered the trump card and shouldn't be used unless you've completely exhausted your means.