Personal Development,Entrepreneurship,Business,Money & Investments,Career
Title: Identify What You Love to Do Content: If you weren’t dealing with your job every day, what would you be doing instead? Any activities you can dream of can be turned into a money-making venture.If you’re still not sure, then take some classes. Try a few things out before making your choice.
Title: Do It For Free Content: Before charging people money, do what you love for free for quite a while.Doing the work without worrying about turning your passion into a business right away will help you hone your skills and build your confidence.
Title: Combine Passion With Skills Content: Figure out how to create your own success tool kit /secret sauce made up of all the different skills and experiences that only you have. This is what will make you stand out and keep your service unique.Maybe you’re thinking about a career in photography. Maybe you also have writing skills, and you could start a blog to promote and build excitement around your photos.
Title: Determine Your Ideal Client Content: Spend some time researching the needs, interests, and preferences of your ideal client. Then brainstorm ways to help them.Think about your ideal customer. What’s their lifestyle like? What else do they like to do? And most importantly, based on who your ideal client is, what value can you bring to them?
Title: Make Connections Content: There are plenty of cheap and easy ways to expand your circle and attract people who share your interests.For example, if you want to write about food, start a food blog and get on social media. Invite friends and followers to share your writing for the chance to win a free cooking gadget. When you build your platform, you’ll be a more attractive contributor to a web site that pays writers.
Title: Do It For Cheap Content: When you reach out to paying clients, you’ll be able to present the free work that you did as a sample or a portfolio. For a job that’s service-based, make sure you get references to help you move into the paid arena.
Title: What Works and What Doesn’t Content: Take notes as you gain practice and experience; learn from both mistakes and successes.Maybe you’ve found that the blog you’re keeping for your budding photography business isn’t gaining traction, but your Instagram account is getting lots of attention; it might be time to refocus your strategy.
Title: Note What You Like and Don’t Like Content: Don’t get stuck in a rut just because it’s the path of least resistance. It’s okay to adjust and shift gears as you go.Maybe you thought you’d like taking wedding photographs, but the hours are a killer, and you think you’d prefer studio work.
Title: Simplify Your Message Content: In order to get the word out, refine your elevator pitch. Think about including not only what you do, but why you do it.Your “speech” should sound like a friendly conversation that tells your story, not a sales pitch.
Title: Follow a Pro Content: Take a look at the people you admire who are doing the work you want to be doing. What’s their strategy? How do they do it?There’s no need to reinvent the wheel, Copy strategy, but make the rest yours.
Title: Don’t Quit Your Day Job Too Early Content: A day job can help fund your new venture until you start making real money, which takes the pressure off your passion project.