Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Reframing your mindset Content: Stop reacting to life and start responding to it.If you want to really change, you need to start reframing your mindset. You’re not in control of everything that happens to you, but you are in control of how you respond to what happens to you.
Title: What mindset is Content: A mindset is a set of assumptions, methods, or notations that is so established that it creates a powerful incentive within you to continue to adopt or accept prior behaviours, choices, or tools.It’s so powerful that it affects every decision-making process. It predetermines your responses and interpretations of situations.
Title: Types of mindsets Content: Growth mindset: you believe your most basic abilities can be developed through dedication and hard work. This view creates a love of learning and resilience.Fixed mindset: you believe basic qualities, like intelligence or talent, are simply fixed traits and that talent alone creates success — without effort.
Title: Examine your current beliefs Content: Ask yourself these questions, to identify limiting beliefs and negative patterns:Where did I learn these beliefs and knowledge from?Are they the objective truth?Who uses these beliefs in life and business?
Title: Motivational techniques Content: ... for improving performance:Self-talk (saying to yourself “I can do better”)Imagery (imagining yourself doing something better)If-then planning (for example, “If I start to doubt myself, then I will remind myself that I have the skills!”)
Title: Mastering your mindset Content: You can change your brain’s patterns once you start to consistently feed your mind with new empowering messages.When you begin to master your mindset, you will be able to make new healthy choices, embrace a positive outlook in life, commit to goals and get them done and you will most likely finish what you start.
Title: Disciplined practice Content: Make a specific, measurable, attainable, realistic, and time-bound life-list of 5 things you want to achieve.Set small goals for each day and week.Be aware of your self-talk. Replace negative thoughts with positive ones.Use the skills you already have. Focus on your strengths and build upon them.See failure as a set up for a comeback.