Personal Development,Problem Solving,Career
Title: Clarify what you really want Content: Noticing and admitting our mistakes helps us get in touch with our commitments--what we really want to be, do, and have.Working on possible solutions, redefining what we want or expect, or reexamining our values or goals can lead us to more clarity about our path.
Title: You can be flawed and be loved Content: People who love and care about us will stick with us through all our flaws and floundering. Our not so perfectness is what makes us unique and we are loved for it. So we should give ourselves a break.
Title: Accept your fallibility Content: Facing mistakes often takes us straight to the heart of our fears. And when we experience and face those fears, they can disappear.When we are stuck and admit that we can't do it alone it sends a signal and opens the door for help to show up. People, resources, and solutions will appear, especially when we ask for help.
Title: How to tell our truth Content: Our failures and limitations offer us opportunities to practice telling the truth.Admitting the truth allows us to expand our knowledge of self - to know who we are. And thus, increases our capacity to change.
Title: What works and what doesn't Content: When we experience the consequences of mistakes, we get a clear message about which of our efforts are working -- and which are not.Many times we can trace mistakes to recurring patterns of belief or behavior -- things we do, say, and think over and over again.Ask yourself: "How can I use this experience?"; "What will I do differently next time?"; "How will I be different in the future?"
Title: Take responsibility Content: Sometimes our instinctive reaction to a mistake is to shift blame elsewhere: "It's not my fault."Taking responsibility for a failure may not be fun. But the act of doing so points out what we can do differently next time. Our actions have a huge influence on the quality of our lives.
Title: Integrity Content: Mistakes often happen when we break promises, over-commit, agree to avoid conflict or fail to listen fully. Big mistakes often start as small errors.Mistakes can be a signal that our words and our actions are out of alignment. In that case, we can re-examine our intentions, reconsider our commitments, and adjust our actions.
Title:  Live fully Content: Our history does not have to predict our future. Many people, when faced with a big mistake, begin to pull back--to retreat.Mistakes help us to remember that we are not content to play it safe. That we understand that without risk there is sometimes no reward.
Title: Inspire others Content: They may be inspired when we are courageous and make our private struggles public. They might decide to live differently.As parents, we can teach our children that it is OK to fail because we are willing to let them see our failures and mistakes. This gives us opportunities to talk through what we could or would have done differently. These are powerful lessons for those around us.