Health,Mental Health,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: How to know if you're depressed Content: Depression symptoms can vary, but it always results in living in a negative state.Common signs include:Feeling hopeless or a lack of energy and interest in things that used to bring you happiness.Restlessness or constant negative thought patterns.
Title: Ways to deal with depression Content: Understand the common triggers.Once you understand which one is behind your depression, you can better learn how to cope with depression.Feelings of loss, “less than” and “never going to happen” are the major reasons that most people dip into depression. Loss can result from a loved one dying or losing a job; feelings of “less than” can be triggered by comparing yourself to others you view as having more than you and “never” occurs when you start believing that your goals and dreams are completely out of reach.
Title: Address your limiting beliefs Content: Many of those trying to find ways to deal with depression have formed limiting beliefs that negatively affect how they think.If you come from a family who has never had a member attend college, you might believe that you are not smart enough to achieve your goals. Another common limiting belief is that they are supposed to be sad because depression or anxiety runs in their family.
Title: Change your physiology Content: Change your body and you'llchange your mood.Being mindful of your body and making adjustments to how you carry yourself can be key to dealing with depression. Changing your body can be as simple as lifting your chest.You can also change your physiology by doing something active, such as taking a walk or doing some stretches while you breathe deeply.
Title: Empowering rituals Content: Routines and rituals create stability and certainty in your life, even when the world looks bleak.Exercise and movement are great ways to naturally improve your mood, releasing endorphins and improving overall mental health.
Title: Change your words Content: Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) focuses on breaking patterns in how you perceive the world around you.Changing your negative self-talk with empowering words means taking a powerful step toward learning how to cope with depression.
Title: Get offline Content: Facebook and other social media sites often make us feel worse, not better. Even the hunched-over position we use to look at our phones makes us feel down.Instead of scrolling through status updates, go outside for a short walk in the sun or meet a friend for coffee. Push yourself to interact with your loved ones.