Personal Development,Problem Solving,Productivity
Title: Don’t Rely On Your Memory Content: If you want to remember things, don't rely on your memory. Put it in writing or in a digital notebook.
Title: Make Back-Ups Of Everything Content: Make sure to back up your computer files. Make duplicates for your car and home keys. Scan your IDs, passports and bank details, and put it all in a secured folder on your computer. Keep all your financial records, birth certificates, land titles and insurance in one folder, preferably in a safe.
Title: Have a designated place for everything Content: Sort out your clothes, cleaning materials and everything else and keep them in labeled containers or closets at home.Organize your work space well so that your every move is conserved, knowing exactly where everything is.Doing this will take time, but it is easier to find what you need.
Title: Scan Your Photos Content: Scan all your photos to save space and ensure that you don’t lose these precious memories.
Title: Clean Up Regularly Content: Schedule a time every day to de-clutter and to clean up.15 - 30 minutes should be sufficient.
Title: Keep The Hotspots Clean Content: Take note of the places at home or at the office that collect clutter and tidy them up daily.
Title: Get A Money Management App Content: Use apps to record your monthly accounts and spending.This will help you to know exactly where your money goes. The app can also send notifications to remindyou when accounts are due.
Title: Recycle Content: Donate all unused books and clothes to a charity or sell them.
Title: Declutter  Content: As an experiment, try to donate or throw out something you don't use before buying something else.Alternatively, throw out one unused item every day for a month.
Title: Check Expiration Dates Content: Dispose of expired canned foodsand medicines to minimize the clutter and make space for new supplies.
Title: Learn To Delegate Tasks Content: Create a list of responsibilities for each family member. Review the list with them weekly to ensure that all tasks are being attended to. De-cluttering is easier as a team effort.
Title: Put Things Away Immediately Content: Practise keeping your home and life organized by packing things away immediately after using them. It may take a few minutes now but will save more time later.
Title: Unsubscribe Content: Unread magazines, catalogues and email are just a waste of time, money and space. If you haven't read a single email from a newsletter or other publication, just unsubscribe.
Title: Make An Inventory Content: Create an itemized list of home or office supplies so that you don’t run out. Don't overstock.
Title: Label Stored Food Content: Minimize food wastageby labelling all items in your fridge. Include the expiration date.
Title: Organize your cleaning schedule Content: It is tiresome to clean everything on a single day. Rather create daily, weekly and monthly schedules for cleaning, distributing the tasks evenly.