Personal Development,Problem Solving,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Belongingness Content: Individuals often seem defined by their need to belong to a certain group: family, school, political party. This can be explained by the fact that it is seldom easier to defend a viewpoint on your own while having the support of an entire group provides you with all the necessary confidence.However, the main drawback consists of becoming so easily manipulated, that often one is not even aware of it.
Title: History repeats itself  Content: One useful conclusion that people can draw throughout their life is that, all things considered, it is not easy to find a path that hasn't been walked on before.Most likely, the ones before you have already tried what you are thinking about, so why not taking into account their reactions to the events when planning on taking up the same path?
Title: Value more learning sources  Content: Once you have decided on a certain path to follow for your professional life, you might also want to consider reading and learning a bit about any subject that can be connected, even in a small degree, to your field. This can be extremely useful and interesting. 
Title: Your own interest comes first Content: As a general rule, your interest will always come before anybody else's, including your employer's.You would actually be amazed by how powerful self-interest can be, once you become fully aware of it. 
Title: Defeat your competition Content: In order to make sure that you will defeat your competition, you should take into account elements like the increased speed of learning, improved communication and social skills, taking risks and being patient.All these considered, you are most likely going to ensure your advantage over the competition. 
Title: Make a compromise with yourself Content: We have, as humans, the tendency to explain others' behavior through the filter of our own experiences. Therefore, we often end up misjudging or misinterpreting the situation or the people we deal with. It might prove useful for our interactions to just assume that the ones around us couldn't possibly know exactly what we do.This way, we could end up understanding them better and ensuring stronger connections.