Personal Development,Meditation,Communication,Mindfulness
Title: Feng Shui Content: Feng (wind) and Shui (water) is an ancient Chinese art, developed over thousands of years of careful experimentation and observation of nature and surroundings. It is a set of guidelines to balance physical environments, promote harmony and instill a sense of well-being, improving our health, wealth, career and relationships.Feng Shui harmonizes and aligns invisible energy forces (chi or qi) that bind the universe, earth and humanity to each other.
Title: History of Feng Shui Content: Feng Shui was one of the five Chinese arts dealing with metaphysics and space, and was known as physiognomy. This was used to optimize and align the position of buildings, structures and spaces, taking into account the elements of nature.
Title: Modern Feng Shui Content: Using tools like numbers, symbols, colours, textures and elements, modern Feng Shui practitioners identify spaces that are misaligned and adjust the energy flow to promote health, happiness and abundance.The two schools of Feng Shui are The Three Gate Method (Form) and The Compass School.
Title: The Three Gate Method Content: It analyzes the land, flow of wind, water and environmental factors like shape and space, finding a place with the ideal chi.The five celestial animals, Phoenix, Green Dragon, White Tiger, Black Turtle and Yellow Snake are taken into consideration, along with the natural elements(Wood, Fire, Earth, Water, Air, Metal and Space).This method also takes into account the birth time and the yin-yang concept.
Title: The Compass School Content: It is based on eight mansions or directions having a unique chi. It makes use of the electromagnetic forces and fields around us and calculates using a disc and a magnetic compass, seeing the forces invisible to the naked eye. New constructions can make use of this method before starting.
Title: Chi/Qi and The Elements Content: Qi/Chi: is an always moving life force energy, which has to have a constant flow with no blockages.Natural Elements like Fire, Earth, Metal, Water, Air, Space and Wood are to be balanced to create positive energy.
Title: The Bagua Content: It is a chart which maps out the energy centres in space, matching it with our life’s journey. The Nine areas of our life that are mapped by The Bagua are:Power, and wealthFame and GloryLove and RelationshipsCreativity and ChildrenTravel and Helpful People.Career and WorkKnowledge and WisdomFamily and CommunityVitality and Health.
Title: Feng Shui At Home Content: Shoes are to be outside your home, as it comes with a lot of negative energy.Declutter your home to free all the stuck energy. Throw away the things you don’t need and embrace minimalism.Doing a Havan (Fire Prayer) or burning sage can remove negative energy, sadness, fear, anger and spread positive energy, bringing new opportunities.Open all doors and windows, inviting light and air inside your home.Make your home beautiful and fill it with love energy.Use ‘enhancers’ like specific items, coins or plants to channelize positive energy.
Title: Colours Of Feng Shui Content: The right colour in Feng Shui promotes the right energy to emit from a space.Soft colours promote calmness, and one’s personal preference plays an important role in making the environment positive and warm. Too much white can result in a cold ‘white occurrence’, blocking warm energy.
Title: Sound Healing Content: Positive nature sounds, melodies, bells and chimes add positive energy even to places where sunlight cannot reach.Sounds of nature provide a soothing and calming effect on us and improve our breathing.
Title: What We Think Matters Content: Any amount of tinkering with space and objects will not work if our inner intention isn’t pure and positive. There has to be an affirmative feeling emitting from our minds, which has to be free of doubt.Healthy self-respect, consideration and empathy for others and a positive frame of mind makes chi work, otherwise, it is just hocus pocus!
Title: Feng Shui And Success Content: The ultimate goal of Feng Shui is the blessing we get in our lives. When we breathe, live and work in peace and harmony, we get the life force energy that is required for our needs, goals and dreams. Life is then filled with prosperity, synchronicity, abundance, good health and happiness.Many Feng Shui items are kept at home to attract wealth, like wealth crystals, laughing buddha, lucky cat and money tree.