Money & Investments,Personal Development,Career,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: The right time to ask Content: How is the financial health of the company? If the company is not doing well, this is not the time to ask for a raise.How is your manager’s workload? If your manager is under a lot of stress or focused on too many things right now, it may not be the time to ask for a raise.When is the best time of year to ask for a raise? The end of the fiscal year could be an option.
Have you successfully completed a significant task or project? This could be a good time to ask for a raise.
Title: Get salary trends Content: Every job has a market value. Compare what you’re currently being paid to the trends you find. Consider your education, years of experience, years you’ve worked for your current employer and any specialized skills or attributes you bring to the table. Make a list of your accomplishments, taking note of which ones added the most value to the organization Identify a salary range or percentage increase in pay that you’d be happy with.
Title: Set a meeting Content: Meet in person and in private.You should approach asking for a raise with the same level of seriousness you would have for a job interview or an important presentation, and you should dress accordingly.
Title: Prepare what to say Content: Before your meeting, you should prepare what you’re going to say to get a raise.Recognize that feelings of fear and anxiety are natural when discussing money. Writing and practicing a script is one way to manage those feelings. Focus on the professional rather than personal reasons why you deserve this raise.
Title: Be ready for questions Content: Expect them to ask you follow-up questions, such as inquiring about the details of your recent accomplishments or the salary research you’ve done.There is the possibility that you receive a rejection. Ask questions such as:“Are there skills or accomplishments you’d like to see from me before increasing my compensation?”“Are you satisfied with my performance overall?”“Is there a better time for us to have this conversation in the near future?”
Title: Thank your manager Content: Regardless of how the conversation went, end by thanking your manager for their time.Later that day or the next, send them a follow-up email that recaps your reasons for asking for a raise and includes a summary of the conversation you had.