Love & Relationships,Psychology,Personal Development
Title: Perfection is unrealistic Content: Whomever we get together with will be radically imperfect in a host of deeply serious ways.We must kill the idea that things would be ideal with any other creature in this galaxy. There can only ever be a “good enough” relationship.
Title: Learn to blame love Content: When difficulties strike in relationships, we often fall prey to the idea that we are going out with a foolish human. The sadness must be someone’s fault: and we conclude that the blame has to lie with the partner. At an extreme, we exit the relationship far too early.We blame our lover in order not to blame love itself, the truer but more elusive target.
Title: Love makes irrational demands Content: The person we love becomes involved in some of the grandest and most complex matters we ever undertake: we ask them to be our lover, our best friend, our confidant, our nurse, our financial adviser, our social partner, and our sex mate.The job description is so long and so demanding, that no one in the standard employment market could conceivably deliver perfectly on even a fraction of the demands.
Title: Striving to love Content: We start out knowing only about being loved. To the child, it feels as if the parent is spontaneously on hand to comfort, guide, entertain, feed and clear up while remaining almost always warm and cheerful.Plenty of parents don’t reveal how often they have bitten their tongue, fought back the tears and been too tired to take off their clothes after a day of childcare. We should renounce the desire to be loved and instead strive to love.
Title: Relationships require administration Content: What a couple gets up to over a lifetime has much more in common with the workings of a small business. They must draw up work rosters, clean, cook, fix, throw away, mind, hire, fire, reconcile and budget.None of these activities have a glamourous halo. And yet these tasks are what is truly “romantic” in the sense of “conducive and sustaining of love” and should be interpreted as the bedrock of a successful relationship.
Title: Sex and love Content: The general view expects that love and sex will be aligned. But in truth, they won’t stay so beyond a few months or, at best, one or two years. This is not anyone’s fault. Relationships in the long term have other key concerns (companionship, administration, another generation).
Title: We’re not that compatible Content: The right person is expected to be someone who shares our tastes, interests and general attitudes to life. This might be true in the short term.Over an extended period of time, the relevance of this fades dramatically; differences inevitably emerge.It is the one with a capacity to tolerate difference that is the true marker of the right person. Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn’t be its precondition.