Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: What causes insecurity in a relationship Content: If your partner feels insecure, it’s because they haven’t dealt with whatever is putting them in a negative state.This could be that their needs aren’t being met by your relationship, or it could have to do with something outside your union, like their own lack of self-confidence or fear of the unknown.
Title: How to overcome romantic insecurity Content: The best thing you can do is effectively communicate with your partner.How does your partner communicate? What’s their communication style?It will take time, effective communication and the desire to improve your relationship to overcome romantic insecurity.
Title: Meet each other’s needs Content: There are basic human needs that affect every single person on the planet.We all strive to feel certain that we can avoid pain and gain pleasure;we crave variety in life;we want to feel significant;connection to others is essentialgrowth and contribution help us find fulfillment.
Title: Balance your polarity Content: In every relationship, there is one partner with masculine energy and another with feminine energy.If both partners take on masculine or feminine traits, it can cause insecurities to arise. Look at how your roles have changed over time. How can you restore polarity and banish insecurity?
Title: Act like you’re a new couple Content: When you start dating someone new, the energy is electrifying. As you become better acquainted with your partner, the fireworks you first felt start to fizzle.Bring back the passion in your relationship and act like you did when you started dating. Compliment your partner. Plan surprising dates. These small acts can help to squash insecurities and help your partner feel wanted.
Title: Create new stories Content: Instead of insisting that your partner always does something that irritates you, try shifting your mindset.Accept your partner for who they are and decide to create a beautiful new story together instead of reliving past pain.