Personal Development,Career,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Watch for signs of excitement Content: When do you feel most engaged? Most energized?When you engage in an activity you are truly good at, your excitement is visible. Your pupils dilate, your chest is broader, your speech is fast and fluid, and your arms spread wider.
Title: Break away from job titles Content: You need to explore new roles, to discover your gifts.Think of your workplace as a laboratory. Encourage flexible roles and see how it goes. If people are excited about trying something else and you have some evidence that they could be good, then experiment with it.
Title: Notice what you do differently Content: In a situation where you are truly using your strengths, you will stand out from a crowd. Your approach will be unique.To name your strengths, you want to identify those moments and articulate how you are different.
Title: Describe your strengths creatively Content: When naming your strengths, avoid overused terms like'passionate' or 'dedicated.'By coming up with an exciting word, you avoid all the typical connotations. And once you can put a word to your strengths, it becomes much more embedded in your everyday life.
Title: Watch for signs of excitement Content: When you engage in an activity you are truly good at, your excitement is visible. Your pupils dilate, your chest is broader, your speech is fast and fluid, and your arms spread wider.Ask a close mentor when you appear most animated or observe yourself for a day. When do you feel most engaged? Most energized?
Title: Break away from job titles Content: To uncover your gifts, you need to explore new roles. Think of your company as a laboratory. Encourage flexible roles and see how it goes.
Title: Notice what you do differently Content: In a situation where you are truly using your strengths, you will stand out from a crowd. Your approach will be unique.To name your strengths, you want to identify those moments and articulate how you are different.
Title: Describe your strengths creatively Content: When naming your strengths, avoid what "wastebasket terms," meaning overused words like 'passionate' or 'dedicated.'Instead, come up with a unique term that captures your specific strength. Once you can put a word to your strengths, it becomes much more embedded in your everyday life.