Exercise & Fitnesss,Health,Food
Title: Erasing  bad eating with exercise Content: Your eating has to be in check. About 80% of what you look like is based on diet.It’s a calorie game, people often overestimate the amount of food they burn in an hour-long session. Do the math, and figure out your weight-loss goals.
Title: Toning muscles Content: Your muscles are already toned or you wouldn’t be able to move around. They’re just not visible because of the layer of fat covering them.
Title: Different exercises for men and women Content: Both sexes have the same body structure but different hormonal make-ups which may mean a difference in muscle strength but does not mean they should work out any differently.“Men tend to focus on abs, chest and arms, and women tend to focus on gluts and legs,” Maik Wiedenbach notes. “They’re each forgetting one half of their bodies.”
Title: Women lifting lower weights Content: ... and do higher repetitions than men.Because women’s testosterone is lower, they likely won’t be able to lift as much weight as men, but the typical three-pound lady dumbbells won’t work because the resistance is too low to create change in the muscle.Everyone should do six to eight repetitions with a weight that challenges them.
Title: Stretching before exercising Content: The conventional wisdom is that stretching elongates the muscle and helps prevent injury. Conversely, stretching before a workout will weaken the muscle by 30%, and the reduced tension may increase the risk of injury.Do warm up by walking before cardio or doing light weights before intense training, and do stretch after a workout.
Title: Reducing fat in one area Content: No matter how many crunches you do, someone with 20% body fat will never have abs like someone with 8% body fat.To lose weight quickly, you’ll need to burn as much fuel as you can with intense exercises like squats, dips, pull downs, dead lifts and shoulder presses while following a strict diet.
Title: Burning only fat at a target heart rate Content: The only time when you burn fats exclusively is when you are asleep.Interval training, a mix of low and high intensity, will produce the best results.
Title: Burning fat on an empty stomach Content: Technically the body is deprived of nutrients in the morning, so will tap fat stores-- but it is the wrong approach.Working out on an empty stomach burns more muscle, which defeats the purpose of any fat-loss diet. Working out in a fasting state is sub-optimal, since the lack of nutrients will not allow for peak performance.
Title: Shakes are great for weight loss Content: It’s not that they’re inherently bad for you, but that they won’t keep you full.Whole foods have more fiber and take up more stomach volume, which keeps you feeling satisfied. They also require more digestive work, so use more energy and keep the metabolism up.
Title: Eat only egg whites Content: Some studies show that yolks helped to reduce LDL, or the bad cholesterol.The yolk contains most of the vitamins and minerals in the egg, plus half the protein. Since an egg white-only breakfast is nearly fat free, it will cause a significant insulin spike and promote hunger cravings as well as energy swings later in the day.