Personal Development,Corporate Culture,Teamwork,Leadership & Management,Communication
Title: Leadership and fear Content:  In today's social economy, servant leaders will cast a company vision and enroll their followers to express their voice as co-creators and co-contributors to the vision.And their first priority is creating psychological safety among their tribes: They pump the fear out of the room and liberate their people to freely collaborate, innovate, and engage.
Title: Leadership and trust Content: Good leadership doesn't happen without trust.Trusting leadership behaviors great companies are known for:Create transparencyConfront realityPractice accountabilityTalk straightRight wrongs
Title: Leadership and feedback Content: Good leaders arewilling to listen to feedback.A leader who listens is open and accountable: he can filter out criticism or drama and find the facts in order to respond appropriately.
Title: Leadership and a positive attitude Content: Good leaders practice positive thinking, even when things go bad.They view stressful situations from a more positive perspective, which takes emotional intelligence. Rather than getting stressed out about a work situation or a recent failure, they look at it as an opportunity to pause, regroup, learn, grow, and bounce back with renewed energy and focus.
Title: Leadership and procrastination Content: Good leaders are "do-it-now" people. They don't put things off until the last minute, which is a sure way to increase stress levels.Good leaders begin doing what they know they should do, and when they know they should do it
Title: Leaderships and boundaries Content: Good leaders put strict boundaries on themselves.They say no to opportunities and things that don't excite them, speak to their values or further their mission in life. They say no to spending time with uninspiring, negative people who drag them down. They say no to overworking and neglecting self-care and family.
Title: Leadership and love Content: Love in the leadership-at-work sense is not a feeling; it's expressed as an "action verb."It's love that shows up in meeting the needs of others to get results, clearing obstacles from people's paths, and empowering others to succeed and grow as workers and human beings. It has intrinsic value for both leader and employee.