Personal Development,Habits,Health,Time Management
Title: How To Choose Good Habits Content: Envision your ideal end result. What are you going to achieve?Write it down. It will serve as a powerful motivation, especially if you include why you want it.Create a detailed vision you're compelled to chase.Research people who have reached your goals.
Title: Good Habits For Health and Fitness Content: Regular Aerobic Exercise: Great for both your physical and mental health. Increases the production of dopamine and boosts creativity.Preparing Your Own Meals. It’ll take some getting used to, but it’s a habit that’ll boost your health, wealth and productivity.
Title: Good Habits For Finance and Wealth Content: Create a Household Budget: the best habit to help you save money.A household budget helps to encourage frugality and discourage impulse spending. You’ll feel more motivated to engage in other good financial habits once you’ve got this in place.Financial Audits.This involves frequent checks as to whether you’re spending your money as wisely as possible.
Title: Good Habits For Productivity Content: Waking Up Early:Your productivity levels will be boosted by the lack of distractions at this time. It gives you a headstart on the day, creating a sense of added control in your life.Meditation: You’ll train your mind to remain focused and not to wander into daydreams. Meditation has also been known to help improve sleep quality and decrease stress.
Title: How Habits Are Formed Content: Cue — The scenario that triggers the desire to engage in the habit. It’s usually a time of day, a set of surroundings, a specific emotion or a set of ritualized behaviorsRoutine — The action itselfReward — The reason you feel good having engaged in the habit. This is usually the satisfaction of a specific craving.
Title: How to Avoid Bad Habits Content: Identifying the cue and the reward you’re craving is key to eliminating bad habits.More often than not, you can quit bad habits by adding a little “friction”.With this information, you can replace any bad habit with a healthier one that offers the same reward.
Title: How to Stick to Good Habits Content: The development of most good habits involves cutting and replacing bad ones.Losing weight involves cutting out snackingProductivity involves cutting procrastination and focusing on Deep WorkFinancial prosperity involves cutting your impulse spending
Title: Set Yourself Up For Small Wins Content: Set achievable goals and build them.Small wins make you feel good about setting targets, highlight your progression and prove that success is possible. Without these stepping stones, it’s easy to get disheartened and give up.
Title: Remember Your Long-Term Goal Content: Long-term goals are your most powerful motivators.If your ‘why’ is strong enough, you’ll find your ‘how’.Create a vision board. Make affirmations. Put it on your phone’s lock screen. Whatever it takes.