Personal Development,Career,Business,Leadership & Management
Title: The Fresher: Looking For Credibility Without Experience Content: The credibility paradox haunts many freshers entering the workforce, who have to show they have credibility and expertise in a field without having the benefit of prior work experience. The doorway to this is to seem ‘high potential’ to the recruiter, and overcome this experience deficit, building the expertise that they lack.
Title: How To Overcome The Credibility Paradox: Research Content: Get familiar with industry-specific knowledge, upcoming trends and information, while trying to attain mastery in an area you think you have an edge on. There are plenty of resources available digitally for a thorough research.
Title: Gaining Experience Through Volunteering Content: Working on projects as an intern or an unpaid volunteer provides us with the hands-on knowledge we need to jumpstart our careers. Volunteering for projects provides us with new opportunities to learn and grow, while building our network.
Title: Identify Your Expertise Content: Do a self-evaluation or a SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats) analysis to identify your core areas where you can contribute and add value. Get to know what you are good at so that you can work on harnessing those skills and fast-track your growth.
Title: Being A Good Communicator Content: If you are able to deliver on time, and establish a reputation of a worker who is able to communicate and follow up well, you will be seen as a reliable, dedicated employee who does not leave an assignment hanging or unconcluded.
Title: Networking When You Have No Work Experience Content: Building a deep and diverse network of trusted colleagues, along with the college alumni is a time-tested method to get mentoring, advice, feedback and even work.Your initial contacts are your critical advocates and as you move in your job, you should actively identify and connect with peers and superiors that you admire, to build up your network. One also needs to demonstrate your expertise, motivation and commitment to build a ‘fan following’.