Personal Development,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Ask Questions Content: The biggest mistake people make when it comes to listening is they're so focused on what they're going to say next that they fail to hear what's being said.Avoid this by asking questions. People like to know you're listening, and something as simple as a clarification question shows that you are listening.
Title: Put Away Your Phone Content: When you commit to a conversation, focus all of your energy on the conversation.Nothing will turn someone off to you like a glance at your phone.
Title: They Are Genuine Content: People gravitate toward those who are genuine because they know they can trust them.By concentrating on what drives you and makes you happy as an individual, you become a much more interesting person.
Title: Don’t Pass Judgment Content: A likeable person is open-minded.No one wants to have a conversation with someone who has already formed an opinion and is not willing to listen.To eliminate preconceived notions and judgment, you need to see the world through other people’s eyes.
Title: Don’t Seek Attention Content: People are averse to those who are desperate for attention.When you speak in a friendly, confident, and concise manner, you will notice that people are much more attentive and persuadable than if you try to show them you’re important.
Title: Be Consistent Content: To be consistent you must be reliable, and you must ensure that even when your mood goes up and down it doesn’t affect how you treat other people.
Title: Use Positive Body Language Content: How you say something can be more important than what you say.Using an enthusiastic tone, uncrossing your arms, maintaining eye contact, and leaning towards the person who’s speaking are all forms of positive body language that high-EQ people use to draw others in.
Title: Leave a Strong First Impression Content: Most people decide whether or not they like you within the first seven seconds of meeting you.Strong posture, a firm handshake, smiling, and opening your shoulders to the person you are talking to will help ensure that you make a good first impression.
Title: Greet People by Name Content: Likeable people make certain they use others’ names.Research shows that people feel validated when the person they’re speaking with refers to them by name during a conversation.Make remembering people’s names a brain exercise if you have trouble with names.
Title: Smile Content: People naturally (and unconsciously) mirror the body language of the person they’re talking to.If you want people to like you, smile at them during a conversation.
Title: Know When To Open Up Content: Likeable people let the other person guide when it’s the right time for them to open up.Avoid sharing personal problems and confessions too quickly.
Title: Know Who To Touch Content: When you touch someone during a conversation, you release oxytocin in their brain, a neurotransmitter that makes their brain associate you with trust and other positive feelings.You have to touch the right person in the right way to release oxytocin, as unwanted or inappropriate touching has the opposite effect. 
Title: Balance Passion and Fun Content: Likeable peopleare serious, yet friendly.They minimize small talk and gossip and instead focus on having meaningful interactions with their coworkers.