Problem Solving,Communication,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Fallacies Content: A fallacy is the use of faulty reasoning in an argument.There are formal and informal fallacies: A formal fallacy describes a flaw in the construction of a deductive argument.An informal fallacy describes an error in reasoning.
Title: Appeal to privacy Content: In this fallacy, someone behaves in a way that negatively affects others but then gets upset when others criticize their behavior. They will reply with a "mind your own business."For instance, someone who doesn't see a reason to bathe, but then boards a full 10-hour flight.
Title: Sunk cost fallacy Content: It happens when someone continues in a course of action, even if evidence shows that it's a mistake.Common phrase:"We've always done it this way, so we'll keep doing it this way." "I've already invested so much..."
Title: ​If-by-whiskey Content: If-by-whiskey is a fallacy named after a speech given in 1952 by Noah S. Sweat Jr. It is used to conceal a lack of a position or to dodge a tough question.If, by whiskey, you mean the brew that causes so many problems, then I'm against it. But if whiskey means the oil of conversation, the philosopher's wine, then I am certainly for it.
Title: ​Slippery slope Content: This fallacy involves arguing against a position because you think the ideas would start a chain reaction of bad things, even though you don't have evidence to support your claim.Common phrase:"If we do that, then what's next?"
Title: ​"There is no alternative" Content: This fallacy argues for a specific position because there are no other realistic alternatives.Common phrase: "What else are we going to do?"
Title: Ad hoc arguments Content: This is a common fallacious rhetorical strategy that is difficult to spot.It occurs when someone's claim is threatened with counter-evidence. They then come up with a rationale to dismiss the counter-evidence in the hope to protect their original claim.
Title: Snow job Content: In this fallacy, when someone doesn't have a strong argument, they will sprout irrelevant facts, numbers, anecdotes and other information to confuse the issue.
Title: McNamara fallacy Content: This fallacy occurs when decisions are made based on observations or quantitative criteria while ignoring other factors.Common phrase:"You can't measure that, so it's not important."