Love & Relationships,Personal Development
Title: Wondering If There’s a Better Partner Content: Indecisiveness makes some feel that committing to a perfectly fine partner will limit their chances for someone better they haven't met yet.
Title: Fear Of a Relationship’s Failure Content: Even if they've dated for years, and everything is good, they think that making an official commitment means they're going to fail.
Title: Enjoying The Single Life Content: When you're single, you can talk to whoever you want at the bar, swipe left and right all day long, and do whatever your heart desires. A relationship is likely to constrain one's freedom of choice and giving up that freedom is difficult for some.
Title: Peer Pressure Content: People who are very connected to their peers are going to go along with the morals and community rules set by this group. And if this group is all about being single, and they frown on couples who are committed, getting into a commitment will mean losing the approval of this peer group.
Title: Bad Past Relationships Content: When a relationship goes sour, it can be hard to get over. And some take time to be single for a bit. Distaste from a previous or current relationship can be enough to keep someone from committing to a new relationship in the future.The idea of a commitment to this person seems like misery. Especially if they had a series of bad partners.
Title: Fear Of Abandonment Content: Some fear commitment because they are afraid that the relationship will be so good, that when their partner abandons them, it will be unbearably painful.
Title: Going Through a Nasty Divorce Content: Divorce can be soul-crushing and those who go through it are often afraid of commitment because they worry it will lead to another divorce down the line.
Title: Losing Their Independence Content: Some value independence more than a relationship. They don't want to have to answer to good or consider anyone when it comes to deciding things so commitment becomes unattractive.
Title: Poor Relationships With The People On The Partner's Life Content: If you or your partner fear each other's family and friends, this may become an obstacle to a healthy, happy relationship and lead to fear of commitment.