Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Habits
Title: Set Happiness Goals Content: You control your happiness the same way you control your health, and If you can set goals for your health, you can do it for happiness.Pursuing intrinsic goals, like learning a new language or taking care of your body, provides a sense of purpose and a feeling of control over your life, making you happier because you want to become better.
Title: Make Your Bedroom A Haven Content: Sleep and happiness go hand in hand. Try to make your bedroom conducive to good sleep as much as possible.Soundproof it and cut light as best as you can; that includes keeping away any gadget that will tempt you to surf the web.
Title: Drink Tea Content: Theanine, which is present in green and black tea, reduces anxiety and will calm your nerves and make you happy.So whenever you're feeling stressed because things aren't going your way, grab yourself a nice cup of tea to calm your nerves.
Title: Play With Dirt Content: Outdoor play, gardening, or any activity that might bring contact with soil, trees, and plant life will increase the opportunity for exposure to microbial diversity.If the activity is conducted in natural environments, it increases the likelihood that the individual will inhale natural phytoncides (aromatic chemicals secreted from trees and ornamental plants) that are associated with human stress reduction and immune system benefits.
Title: Dance Content: When you move your body, the level of serotonin increases -- serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is proven to help your brain to release endorphins, which are feel-good chemicals.You don't need dancing classes; just turn on the music and shake your body.
Title: Get A Furry Friend Content: Owning and caring for a pet will boost your mood and give you a good feeling and happiness.If you can't own a pet, volunteer at your local shelter to get a dose of puppy love.
Title: Read Adventurous Stories Content: Reading will give your brain a work-out just like walking gives your body a work-out. Adventure stories also take you on the characters' adventures and give you an outlet for emotions found in the real world.
Title: Listen to Sad Songs Content: Listening to sad music can lead to beneficial emotional effects such as regulation of negative emotion and mood as well as consolation.
Title: Buy Happiness Content: Invest in things that give you good memories. Buy things like games you can play with friends or family when they come to visit.Plan a long vacation, and take lots of pictures as forever memories. When you get stressed, just look at the pictures and you'll get a good mood boost.