Personal Development,Problem Solving,Mental Health,Health
Title: Fear isn’t always helpful Content: If we respond to every fear-inducing situation like we’re in mortal danger, we’re going to end up missing out on valuable opportunities to live fully, enjoy growth and new experiences. Ask yourself: “Am I avoiding pain, or seeking growth?”
Title: Expand your comfort zone Content: Boosting your courage isn’t something that happens overnight.It’s a day-by-day process and you’re more likely to experience success in this area if you focus on expanding your comfort zone one step at a time.For example, if you notice that you feel fear around talking to new people, start small by asking someone for directions or striking up a short conversation with people you encounter in your day-to-day life.
Title: Remember to breathe Content: If we want to boost our courage in a particular situation, one of the most effective ways of doing this is to slow down our breathing.When we’re feeling fearful, our breathing unconsciously becomes faster and shallower. Taking a few deep breaths sends the signal to our minds that everything is OK and helps us relax.
Title: Take a step back Content: Usually, the fear we feel isn’t so much about the worst case scenario we’re thinking of—it’s about how we would feel if that scenario comes to pass.To boost your courage, try to stay objective and focus on the facts of the matter. Pay attention to what actually happened, rather than the meaning you’re attaching to it.
Title: Change perspective Content: We tend to be harsher with ourselves than we are with other people.The next time you’re faced with an opportunity to expand your comfort zone, ask yourself how you would perceive your best friend in the same situation. Would you focus on the potential pitfalls, or would you admire them for taking the risk?
Title: The person you want to become Content: We often focus on what we need to do. The real shift that needs to take place, however, revolves around who we need to become.What qualities would a courageous future version of yourself have? How would they start each day? What new habits would they develop? What old habits would they change?
Title: Take action Content: The longer you wait before taking action, the less courageous you’ll feel.The only thing that will help you feel more courageous is taking action, stepping outside your comfort zone, and sending yourself the message that you are a courageous person.