
Title: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Eligibility Content: One should meet the below-listed eligibility criteria to apply for PMAY The family must have a Pucca house, either in their name or on lieu of any member of their family in the country In any housing scheme, the beneficiary family must not have received central resources from the Indian / State government. The receiver family must not have assessed any PMAY-CLSS support from any of the major lending institutions. All Regulatory Towns will be eligible for Mission exposure according to the 2011 census and subsequently reported towns. If the primary objective of utilising a home loan is to refurbish or extend an already established house, the work specified must be completed within 36 months of the first instalment of the loan is acquired. 
Title: What are the documents required for PMAY? Content: Keep the below-given documents ready before applying for PMAY Address Proof: Voter ID Card, Aadhaar Card, Rent agreement, Bank account statement, Utility bills, Residence certificate, Property tax receipts Identity Proof: Driving License, PAN Card, Voter ID Card, Aadhaar Card, Photo-identity card issued by a government body. Income Proof: Salary proof of the last 2 months, Bank account statement of the last 6 months, ITR or latest Form 16. 
Title: Apply for PMAY via online Content: Follow the steps below to apply for PMAY through online Visit the official site of PMAY pmaymis.gov.in and head to the ‘Citizen Assessment’ under the main menu and confirm your category type Now on the next page, you need to verify the specifics of your Aadhaar Now fill up the PMAY online application form completely with all the mandatory and error-free details Now verify the captcha code and submit the application with a proper verification Online procedure for Slum Dwellers Visit the official site of PMAY pmaymis.gov.in and click on the ‘For Slum Dwellers’ option under the drop-down list of ‘Citizen Assessment’ Now enter the required specifics of your Aadhaar and click on ‘Submit’ Once your Aadhaar details are verified you will be redirected to the next page where you need to fill up the application correctly Verify all the submitted details, enter the captcha code and click on ‘Submit’ 
Title: Apply for PMAY via offline Content: By covering the below process you can also apply for PMAY via offline manner In order to apply for PMAY through offline, you need to visit your nearest Common Service Centre (CSC) to fill up the PMAY application form. To fill out the application form, you can visit any bank, non-banking financial entity, or housing finance company. You must meet the above eligibility criteria and address the documents specified in the form before applying for Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.