Mindfulness,Meditation,Philosophy
Title: Consciousness as The Foundation of Reality Content: Our fundamental understanding of reality starts with "I":"I believe" "I am doing" "I am feeling"What we consider to be reality is nothing but an appearance in our consciousness. We can even say that consciousness is more fundamental than space-time.Thus the discovery of what we call "I", the one who knows, is of fundamental importance.
Title: The 2 paths of Exploring Consciousness  Content: There are 2 paths to discover the nature of the "I":Inward facing: looking inside. The Path of Discrimination: everything outside is excluded.Outward facing: exploring the outside. The path of Inclusion: everything is included.It's important to know the nature of our experience before we understand what is being experienced.
Title: "I" = Body + Mind Content: ... aka known as the dualistic model. We consider ourselves to be made of two components."I" is that which knows the world. The one that perceives the world through our mind and interacts with it through our body.
Title: We are Awareness, the Non-Dualistic Model Content: Our experience of the world/reality is made of:perceptions: how we experience the world through our 5 senses.sensations: how we experience ourselves, our feelings and thoughts.All of these experience are discontinuous. However the "I" is continuous. While experiences come and go, we persist. There is a continuous knower of these these discontinuous experience. The only continuous experience is that of being aware. It is the irreducible, indestructible element of our existence.This is what is called the Non-Dualistic model, going against the dual mind/body conventional way of thinking.
Title: Just Be!  Content: Awareness primary experience is to know itself. The I that knows is the I that is known.The only way to know our true self is to be. Directing our attention to it does not work because awareness knows itself. Focus our attention forces the object-knowing mind relation."Be aware of the experience of being aware. Relax your attention, let in."