Personal Development,Health,Communication,Psychology
Title: Being a Loner can be good Content: Emerging research suggests there are upsides to being reclusive, all by ourselves, minding our own business  – for both our work lives and our emotional well-being.Prolonged solitude or extreme social isolation is proven to be harmful, but a good amount of alone time has its advantages.
Title: Improved creativity Content: Being a loner boosts the creative space.Creativity hastwo key elements: originality and usefulness.Personality traits commonly associated with creativity are openness (or receptiveness), self-efficacy (confidence), and autonomy (independence).
Title: Types of Social Withdrawal Content: Social withdrawal is categorized into three types:Shyness caused by fear or anxietyAvoidance, caused by a dislike of socializingUnsociability, caused by a preference for being alone.
Title: Inward Focus Content: Since ancient times, people know the connection between isolation and mental focus. Cultures with traditions of old religions believe that solitude is important for enlightenment.A loner's brain goes in a state of active mental rest, due to the stillness of being alone. When we are with people, the brain can’t help but pay attention. That can be termed as a distraction.Daydreaming in the absence of such distractions activates the brain’s default-mode network. This network helps to consolidate memory and understand others’ emotions. Letting a mind wander helps with focus in the long term and strengthens your sense of both yourself and others.Periods of solitude actually help when it comes time to socialize, with the occasional absence of focus helping concentration in the long run.
Title: The Loner: Useful Solitude Content: There is a difference between useful solitude and extreme isolation. If someone stops caring about people and cuts off all contact, this could point to pathological neglect of social relations, becoming dysfunctional - this is dangerous.Being a creative loner while having interactions, is about striking the right balance, and any form of extreme behaviour is unhealthy.
Title: Loner: The Conclusion Content: It’s hard to be introspective, self-aware, and fully relaxed unless you have occasional solitude.Introverts tend to have fewer but stronger friendships – which has been linked to greater happiness.