Communication,Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Teamwork
Title: Likeability is a quick judgment Content: We make judgments about someone’s likeability, trustworthiness and competence after seeing their face for less than a tenth of a second.Making snap judgments might determine who we vote for. It can also influence our financial decisions.
Title: Put on a happy face Content: A happier face conveys trustworthiness. People will consider a smiling face as more trustworthy, warmer and sociable.Not all is lost if your first impression has not been as good as you hoped. If you can impress someone afterwards, they will often not remember their first impression of you.
Title: Direct your charm Content: Charm is defined as your likability - how pleasant it is to interact with you.And it is possible to train yourself to be charming.
Title: Raising eyebrows Content: Charm starts with the simple flash of the eyebrows, a slight head tilt, and a smile.Next, make your interaction about the other person - if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you.You can also give the impression of interest by focussing on the different colors in their eyes.
Title: Find common ground Content: Charming people are able to find common ground, even when they differ in opinion.When you disagree, try to really listen to the other person instead of formulating your response. You might agree on a few things.Also, keep up with current events and industry news as those are the things most people have in common.
Title: Body language awareness Content: When people are speaking, they begin to mirror one another.You can use that and copy their body language, so you can signal to them that you have a good understanding of what they're saying. If you change your own position and the other person copies you, the conversation is probably going well. If you are in sales, that is the moment to start your pitch.Also, don't disclose too much information about yourself. Gradually reveal details that will continue to keep them curious about you.