Health,Meditation,Mindfulness,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Sama Vritti or “Equal Breathing” Content: How it’s done:Inhale for a count of 4, then exhale for a count of 4, all through the nose, which adds a natural resistance to the breath. Once you manage it, you can go up to a count of 6.It calm the nervous system, increase focus and reduce stress.When it works best: Anytime, anyplace — but this is one technique that’s especially effective before bed.
Title: Abdominal Breathing Technique Content: How it’s done: With one hand on the chest and the other on the belly, take a deep breath in through the nose, ensuring the diaphragm inflates with enough air to create a stretch in the lungs. The goal: 6to 10 deep, slow breaths per minute for 10 minutes each day to experience immediate reductions to heart rate and blood pressure.When it works best: Before an exam, or any stressful event.
Title:  Nadi Shodhana or “Alternate Nostril Breathing” Content: How it’s done: Starting in a comfortable meditative pose, hold the right thumb over the right nostril and inhale deeply through the left nostril. At the peak of inhalation, close off the left nostril with the ring finger, then exhale through the right nostril. Continue the pattern, inhaling through the right nostril, closing it off with the right thumb and exhaling through the left nostril.When it works best: Crunch time, or whenever it’s time to focus or energize.
Title: Kapalabhati or “Skull Shining Breath” Content: How it’s done: This one begins with a long, slow inhale, followed by a quick, powerful exhale generated from the lower belly. Once comfortable with the contraction, up the pace to one inhale-exhale (all through the nose) every 1 to 2 seconds, for a total of 10 breaths.When it works best: When it’s time to wake up, warm up or start looking on the brighter side of things
Title: Progressive Relaxation Content: How it’s done: To nix tension from head to toe, close the eyes and focus on tensing and relaxing each muscle group for 2 to 3 seconds each.Start with the feet and toes, then move up to the knees, thighs, rear, chest, arms, hands, neck, jaw and eyes — all while maintaining deep, slow breaths.Dizziness is never the goal. If holding the breath ever feels uncomfortable, tone it down to just a few seconds at most.
Title: Guided Visualization Content: How it’s done: Head straight for that “happy place,” no questions asked. With a coach, therapist or helpful recording as your guide, breathe deeply while focusing on pleasant, positive images to replace any negative thoughts.When it works best: Pretty much anyplace you can safely close your eyes and let go (e.g. not at the wheel of a car).