Personal Development,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Adaptability in a changing world Content: In our rapidly changing world, adaptability is a must-have characteristic.Organizations want team members who can take on new responsibilities and gain new skills as needed. You should not only be able to spot this quality so you can hire the right people, but also build it so that you stay employable.
Title: How to assess adaptability Content: When interviewing people, ask "what if" questions. It will force a person to picture multiple possible versions and make decisions accordingly. It will give a sense of the candidate's adaptability based on how many scenarios they're able to come up with."Tell me about the time you were wrong," followed by "What is the most convincing argument of those who disagreed with you?" will tell you if people are willing to change their minds and consequently be more adaptable.
Title: Unlearning instead of learning Content: Unlearning is an important sign of adaptability and very useful for people who are looking for a new job.Unlearning is challenging what you think you know and overriding the information with new data.ddsadasdasd
Title: Finding a new job Content: An unlearning mindset is beneficial when you are looking for a new job in a different field.Instead of looking at the overall title or position, look at the individual components and pieces of your job.See where your skills might be applied in a different environment.Ask yourself in which industry is this one skill underused? Then you can move forward by bringing your individual pieces of expertise with you.
Title: Look for signs of exploration Content: When someone has found a solution, they may never look further for other solutions. But by not looking for additional solutions, they may be missing out on something better.It is better to find ways to break habits you have, for instance, watching a movie in a different language, or walking an alternate route. It may seem minor, but will allow for crucial vantage point shifts and help you practice to unlearn.
Title: A person's adaptability isn't fixed Content: Adaptability can be improved. You actively have to seek it out and exercise it.Play with opportunities. Make yourself knowledgeable in other areas to bridge existing gaps at your organization.Occasionally, adopt the role of devils advocate to allow you, your boss and your colleagues to see things from the other side.Keep a failure resume or log. Write down the times you were wrong, changed your mind, or made mistakes. See them as steps you've taken on your professional journey and learn from them.