Personal Development,Habits,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: The “Easy” Road Content: ... usually ends up being more difficult.When something seems too good to be true, it usually is.The reason a path looks “easy” is because it hides its difficulties in plain sight. And you choose the easy road because you did not take the time to really understand what it was you were looking at.
Title: Love is a roller coaster Content: And you have to learn to apply brakes to it.Because the truth is, without knowing when to slow down, it’s going to go faster, and faster, and faster, and you’re going to skip all the little things you needed to learn and acknowledge about each other along the way.
Title: Small, Daily Habits Content: .. are more important than big, infrequent home runs.Big leaps happen by adding lots of tiny steps up over a long period of time.If you think you can skip that process, you’re wrong.
Title: Self-Knowledge Content: It's worth more than personal achievement.If you pursue things in the name of personal achievement, you will never be fulfilled.True fulfillment is calm and motivated only by creative freedom — a desire to further understand yourself and your craft.
Title: The People That Surround You Content: The people around you are your mirrors. They are the ones who allow you to see aspects of yourself — and vice versa.Deliberately choosing the people around you is how you can sculpt yourself.
Title: You Cannot Stay the Same Forever Content: The difficult lesson is knowing the value of change. Because we usually fear change.Instead of waiting for change to find you, go out and find it. Look for the little signs when you are beginning to plateau, in any way, and change up your routine deliberately.
Title: That “tiny voice” inside Content: All your life hypothesis have 2 sides: what you feel like you should do, and what that “tiny voice” inside genuinely wants you to do.We all hear it, but we get tricked by the louder voice - our ego. And that's becausethe ego always promises safety, avoidance of hurt, and instant gratification.