Personal Development,Teamwork,Remote Work,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Remote Working Content: It’s almost hard to imagine now that people would commute 2 hours each way, from home to office and back, hopping buses and trains. Remote working, as discovered by millions recently, has plenty of freedom and the added advantage of no-commute.Landing oneself in a remote working job isn’t a cakewalk, and aspirants need a plan that will showcase them as the best candidate, who is cut out for working productively without supervision.
Title: Challenges In Remote Working Content: Remote working is not without its challenges, with many feeling isolated and unmotivated, being left on their own.Communication is trickier with colleagues and bosses, and there is a general lack of transparency and chances of overworking.
Title: Tools Of A Good Remote Worker Content: Being Tech Savvy: A Good PC/Laptop, the latest tools and software for the job, and a reliable internet connection are a must for most remote working profiles.Good Communication Skills: Most of the communication will be written, and one should be able to articulate complex concepts and subtleties while being concise. This link provides a handy guide.
Title: Prior Experience Matters Content: It’s definitely a plus point if one has freelancing or solo-working experience beforehand, if not then one can pick relevant freelancing projects.If already in a job, make a case with your manager about working from home, demonstrating your productivity and making it an ideal test case.
Title: Time Management Skills Content: You have to be good at prioritizing tasks, following-up and focusing on a particular task for a period of time to be a good fit for remote working. These skills can be emphasized and added to the resume so that employers can get an idea about your specific skill sets suited for remote work.
Title: Professional, Independent and Trustworthy Content: You have to take ownership of the tasks while showing proactiveness. Completion of tasks on time is one of the key requirements of any remote work.The way you approach the job, the email language used, and even the social media posts you are making public can be gauged by potential employers to see if the candidate is the right fit and in line with the company culture.You should have the skill, understanding, and experience in the job role and some familiarity with the company.
Title: Finding Remote Jobs Content: GitHub offers a list of companies that hire remote workers.Google the companies for online reviews.Niche sites like Flexjobs, Jobspresso, Remote.co, We Work Remotely, and Working Nomads offer better options and profiles than big job sites like LinkedIn and Indeed.
Title: Video Interviews Content: Many employers use video interviews to get a feel about your personality and interest in the job, and most rely on text chat, phone, and emails. To score high points, make sure you are positive, curious and articulate in your interactions.
Title: Video Interview Preparation Content: Familiarize yourself with the video tools, ensuring they are properly installed and functional in your device. You don’t want a delay or a cancellation due to network, audio and video issues.Ensure the place around you is quiet and not distracting. Co-working spaces offer better privacy and networking options than coffee shops. Ensure that the video lighting and background look professional and clean.
Title: What You Show Matters Content: Dress professionally, avoiding loud or distracting colors. Stay engaged and focus on the interview, while ensuring your body language, smiling, and eye contact is not distracting the interviewer from what you are saying. Keep the phone and computer notifications on mute.Focus on the entire job role, taking interest in what the company is doing, not just what you have to do sitting at home. Only focusing on the remote aspect of the job can be a red flag to companies.
Title: Your True Value Content: Showcase your value to the employer by providing the skills and traits which are relevant for the profile. This may include the previous solo projects you have undertaken, or if you have managed a team remotely. You can also provide a glimpse of your communication and time management skills.Do ask relevant questions, finding out the company expectations, important policies and the facilities that are being provided.