Time Management,Productivity,Corporate Culture,Teamwork,Career
Title: Natural light Content: Natural light is the most fundamental element of a welcoming space.Employees prefer natural light and views of the outdoors to onsite cafeterias, fitness centers, and daycare. Natural light not only improves health and wellness among workers; it also has been shown to encourage creativity.
Title: Add in the green Content: People who work in offices with leafy green plants concentrate better than those who work without greenery. Reconnecting workers with a natural environment results in fewer sick days.Adding some plants to the office will give your team both a brain and a mood boost.
Title: Consider your company's needs Content: How do your teams work best? What are their physical and technological needs?The seven attributes to consider when determining your optimal workspace: location, enclosure, exposure, technology, temporality, perspective, and size.
Title: Offer various types of workspaces Content: Providing a mix of multiple workspaces, including open space, has been shown to improve employee engagement because people can choose the right area for the task at hand.For example, you can offer a living room area with comfy couches, as well as a library area for reading and intense focus. Provide booths for private phone calls, as well as individual workstations or “home bases” for team members to set up shop.
Title: Banish boxiness Content: Boxy cubicle shapes aren’t just bland; they can actually impair creativity.Round edges and circular design are said to put creatives subconsciously at ease, freeing up their minds for invaluable innovation.Curved edges also inspire conversation, and allow for more organic movement among employees.
Title: Cut the corner office Content: Employees should be organized by function or team, rather than by status, which mixes the managers with the juniors; the new with the seasoned.You never know when a spontaneous interaction will inspire your company’s next brilliant idea, so your office design should be as egalitarian as possible.
Title: Focus on (your employees’) feelings Content: A company should continually ask staff members how they feel about the office:Is it a place where they want to work?What would make it feel more comfortable and productive?Keep tabs on how closely your employees identify with their workspace and make updates as needed.