Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity,Health
Title: Something to look forward to Content: Give yourself something to look forward to.Set up a lunch for next week that makes you anticipate good things to come. People may be slow to reply since it's Friday afternoon, but in the worst case you'll come back Monday to some positive responses.
Title: Organize the week Content: Go through next week's calendar and plan out the entire week.Set reminders (mail and phone) for all the meetings, deadlines, and to-do items. Appoint to every task a specific time slot. You'll clear your mind of that nagging feeling that you forgot something and have a truly relaxing weekend, leaving you happier on Monday.
Title: Shake up your routine Content: Make a list of your typical distractions, the habits and stressors that keep you from starting the workweek with a bang.Make a list and then write down what you will do instead. Create a new routine that's uplifting and energizing. Put it where you will see it first thing Monday morning.
Title: Work on your future Content: Put on some inspiring music and spend a little time writing some thoughts about your current career and life.Are you working toward your preferred future? Do you know how you want your future to look like?Make some notes and take them with you to consider over the weekend, to give yousome clarity and help you decide how to spend your week.
Title: Surprise yourself Content: Hide some small treat in your desk drawer or file cabinet - a chocolate bar or another little indulgence you like, to have something delightful to look forward to on your return.The best part is when you forget all about it and make a startling, pleasant discovery during the week.
Title: End the week on a high Content: Plan to show someone your appreciation.Execute your gesture of gratitude after you arrive Monday morning. You'll be excited all weekend about making that person's week start out positively.You could pick someone in your office you feel grateful for and plan nice gesture such as a thoughtfully worded thank-you email, a small bunch of flowers, or a gift card to the recipient's favorite coffee place.