Personal Development,Problem Solving,Love & Relationships
Title: Opportunity In Tragedy Content: Many of us can’t wait to get back to normal life. Others believe that is never going to happen, and that’s good.Life before 2020 wasn’t perfect in any sense. We were financially, physically and spiritually depleted. We were not living our lives, but marching towards a path we didn’t want to, due to the lure of financial security in the future, which, as we realize now, doesn’t exist anymore.
Title: The New Normal Content: ... requires a new mindset. Our lives are being redefined in front of our eyes, and this an opportunity to rebuild, reprioritize, reconnect, and even let go of some of the things that were holding us back long before the global crisis happened.
Title: Feel The Pain Content: Many of us have lost our loved ones, jobs, human touch, safety and security, and many milestones of life. It is important to feel this misery, to experience the grief, as from this sadness and grief are what will help us accept reality, and provide us with the drive and energy to move forward. We cannot be stuck in denial any longer.
Title: Balancing Fear And Hope Content: Apart from the visible losses, there has been a lot of delay, reorientation and cancellations of our life’s plans, and many relationships broken or derailed due to the pandemic and the accompanying measures restricting movement. There are countless situations and stories that demand a solution, which isn’t visible currently.
Title: Self Analysis Content: We need to ask ourselves some basic questions about what we really want, what we want to become or accomplish in the future, and what all we can control.We need to understand what we need to let go of, and for what we need to fight for. This is a complete overhaul of our life situation and will ensure that only what’s really important remains.
Title: Our Deepest Desires Content: Some of the greatest pleasures come from the deepest pain. Many of our emotional connections can make use of imagination, fantasy, exploration, curiosity and other innovative ways to navigate these traumatic times.Relationships that have taken a hit due to the quarantine would either be together in a deep way or would fall apart. The world has now made it clear that it is time to reexamine our relationships and priorities.
Title: Emotional Connections Content: A tragedy can also be an opportunity to build connections that were otherwise hard to nurture. The current situation is forcing us to face a massive deviation towards the unknown, and we need to look at this with positivity and possibility, not with fear and loss.