Personal Development,Mental Health,Habits,Psychology
Title: Over-thinking doesn't lead to insight Content: You want an understanding of which decision will be best. For this, you need a level of insight into what each decision will lead to. Thinking this through, however, is futile.Acting, therefore, leads to clarity. Thought doesn’t. Why? Because you never, ever know what something will be like until you experience it.
Title: Your decision will never be final Content: You must be aware that however much critical thinking you apply to a decision, you may be wrong.Being comfortable with being wrong, and knowing that your opinions and knowledge of a situation will change with time, brings a sense of true inner freedom and peace.
Title: Why over-thinking is harmful Content: Studies have shown rumination to be strongly linked to depression, anxiety, binge eating, binge drinking, and self-harm.
Title: Keep active throughout the day Content: ... and tire the body out.One of the reasons for over-thinking may be the fact that you have time to do so.A mind rests well at night knowing its day has been directed toward worthy goals. So consider daily exercise—any physical activity that raises heart rate and improves health.
Title: Become the ultimate skeptic Content: If you think about what causes thinking to be so stressful and tiring, it’s often our personal convictions that our thoughts are actually true. Ask yourself: “Can I be 100 percent sure this is true?”By seeing the inherent lack of truth in your beliefs, you will naturally find yourself much more relaxed in all situations, and you won’t over-think things that are based on predictions and assumptions.
Title: Seek social support, but don’t vent Content: Research has long shown the powerful impact of social support in the reduction of stress. But even better than that is getting a fresh, new angle on the topic.Better than confining your decisions to your own biases, perspectives, and mental filters, commit to seeking support from loved ones.
Title: The skill of forgiveness Content: Forgiveness can induce the ultimate peace in people.Forgiveness has also been shown on many occasions to help develop positive self-esteem, improve mood, and dramatically improve health. It’s a predictor of relationship well-being and marital length, and it has even been shown to increase longevity.
Title: Plan for conscious distraction Content: When you know the time of day rumination will begin, you can plan to remove that spare time with an activity that engages your full faculties.But be picky about what you distract yourself with, and make sure it fosters positive emotion and psychological wellbeing.
Title: Get perspective Content: Solve another person’s problem first.Helping others puts your issues in order by reminding you that we all go through tough times, some much more than you ever will.That’s not to discount the struggles you’re going through, but helping others will restore balance and harmony in your life.
Title: "Perfect" decisions Content: Don’t worry about the perfection of your decisions. Be swift to move forward, even if it is in the wrong direction. Boldness is respectable; carefulness has never changed the world.