Health,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Working out once or twice a week Content: Once or twice a week won't cut it for sustained health benefits. For your workouts to produce real results, you shouldbe exercising 3-5 times a week.New studiesfound that the best results for heart health were gleaned when participants worked out 4-5 times a week.
Title: Working out in the morning Content: The best time for a workout is whatever time allows you to exercise most consistently.Some research do suggest working out  first thing in the morning might help speed weight loss by priming the body to burn more fat throughout the day.
Title: You can't turn fat into muscle Content:  Weight training helps build up the muscle tissue in and around any fat tissue. The best way to reduce fat tissue is to eat a healthy diet that incorporates vegetables, whole grains, lean proteins and healthy fats like those found in olive oil and fish.
Title: Workouts for your brain Content: Plain old physical exercise seems to be better for brain health than any type of mental puzzle available, according to a wealth of research.Aerobic exercise is the key for your head, just as it is for your heart.
Title: Exercise for losing weight Content: Don't assume that you can simply "work off" whatever you eat to lose weight. Experts say slimming down almost always starts with significant changes to  your eating habits. Being  active regularly is an important part of any healthy lifestyle.
Title: Getting 6-pack abs Content: As opposed to sit-ups, which target only your abdominal muscles, planks recruit several groups of muscles along your sides, front, and back.If you want a strong core — especially the kind that would give you 6-pack-like definition— you need to challenge all of these muscles. 
Title: Gender stereotypes Content: Weight training is a great way to strengthen muscles, and has nothing to do with gender.Women produce less testosterone on average than men do, and studies suggest that hormone plays a role in determining how we build muscle.
Title:  Running a marathon Content: Running fast and hard for just 5-10 minutes a day can provide some of the same health outcomes as running for hours.You don't have to run a marathon to get fit.
Title: Keeping a food diary Content: People tend to overestimate their physical activity and underestimate how much food they eat.They consistently think they've worked out more and consistently think they've eaten less. 
Title: Sports drinks  Content: Most sports drinks are justsugar and water.Experts recommend refuelling with plain old water and a high-protein snack since studies suggest proteinhelps recondition muscles after a workout.(Because the contents of supplements like protein powders can be largely unregulated, however, your best bet is to eat real protein-packed food.)