Time Management,Productivity,Habits,Personal Development
Title: Organizing our Lives Content: We all are juggling life's important areas: work, office, home, health and fitness, our finances and relationships.It is not easy to juggle so many things all at once, and some areas may get neglected.
Title: Developing Habits Content: We all have habits ingrained in our lives. Most of our good habits (if any) take us to eventual long-term success, and our bad habits take our time, health, happiness and money. Make a list of what all you do as a habit daily and see which ones are good and which ones are not.Habits like spending hours on social media, binge shopping, and lying on the couch are a few examples of bad habits.
Title: Planning Ahead Content: Life is unpredictable, but planning is still important.Use your phone's calendar and to-do list, or install an app to create daily and weekly plans:Plan even for small errands.Keep in mind that things take longer than you expect.Block chunks of time, or an entire day for a task.
Title: Your Natural Instincts Content: Opt for actions and daily habits that naturally align with you, or are less of a challenge.Be realistic and commit for the long haul.If you regularly sleep at 1:00 AM then trying to wake up at 5:00 AM can be a self-defeating exercise.
Title: Making Choices Content: You should choose your wardrobe, your exercise routine, and your recreational habits according to you.For example: If you don't like reading, opt for podcasts or watch informing documentaries.
Title: Perfection is a Myth Content: We cannot keep self-sabotaging ourselves by failing at our unrealistic expectations.We can opt for consistency, understanding the impact of incremental progress.Opt for continuous effort towards a realistic, doable target.
Title: Finding Balance Content: In our pursuit of perfection, we neglect balance by doing what's urgent over what matters.This can lead to stress, burnout, and feeling drained and lethargic:Avoid spending too much time at workPrioritize physical activityTry meditation or just simple writingUnwind on a good movie or spend time with friendsGet a good amount of sleep.
Title: Letting It Drop Content: To make time to accommodate what's important, we may have to say NO to certain commitments and remove certain areas from high priority.Deprioritize what is urgent but not important.
Title: Declutter and Simplify Content: Too much stuff around you means too much to think about, too much to do, leading to chaos.Just like a to-do list takes care of our mental chaos, we should clean and declutter stuff around us, so that we are able to think better.
Title: Weekly Reviews Content: It is important to measure your progress, reviewing every aspect of planning and execution.Track your time and progress with a good app on your smartphone.Minimize distracted and zero-productivity time.
Title: Automate, Delegate Content: Not everything requires manual, hard and laborious work, even if you are habitual or accustomed to doing things that way.For example, writing a check for rent every month can be automated with online payment.
Title: Do The New Content: Introduce some spice, some novelty in your daily routine: go with the uncharted route, explore life without a specific plan.You can find a new hobby, join a social group, even seek out some work in a different domain.
Title: Dive Deep in Deep Work Content: Most of us keep doing seemingly urgent work (answering a phone, replying to an email, etc.) but this only gives an illusion of productivity.Real productivity is a distraction-free high-impact work that you must find time to do daily.