Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Habits
Title: Philosophy Content: A philosophy is the guiding compass of life.Great philosophers were top scientists throughout history, and even the concept of science is based on the philosophy of empiricism, which states that the true basis of knowledge is sensory information.The world is rich in exotic ways of looking, understanding and living life, because of the various kinds of philosophies that one can seek guidance from.
Title: Solipsism Content: If we look at our dreams and the brain’s capacity to hallucinate, we can see that nothing outside our existence may be real.Everything could be an illusion, a long dream, and we could be the only person that existed in a world of ‘Maya’. This is what solipsism is all about.
Title: Idealism Content: The philosophy of idealism states that reality is something that exists on a mental level, and many or most of our outer experiences could just be imagination.
Title: Phenomenalism Content: It states that one can only confirm what their perception or observation of something has been, and cannot confirm the existence of the same thing. Only the ‘sensory data’ that we experienced in our brains can be authenticated by us.
Title: Presentism Content: It is a belief that only the current, ongoing phenomena are relevant. It assumes that the past and present are just stories and mental hallucinations. The only thing real is the present moment.
Title: Eternalism Content: The philosophy of Eternalism is the opposite of Presentism, stating that all moments of time, the past, present and future are real. It sees Time as a stable entity, present everywhere, and concludes that the future already exists, so we cannot change it.
Title: Nihilism Content: Existential nihilism states that life has no inherent purpose or goal. Life, according to nihilism, is accidental and has no intrinsic value in itself. The modern interpretation of nihilism tries to portray this as a form of motivation to make life meaningful, at least for oneself.
Title: Hedonism Content: Life, according to Hedonism, is filled with meaning due to pleasure and happiness.This ‘pleasure principle’ of the hedonism philosophy is rooted in our basic instincts since the stone age (food, sex, etc.). It openly advocates feasting on pleasure and making it the ultimate goal of life.
Title: Stoicism Content: It is a way to free oneself from emotional distress, through awareness and detachment. It makes us train ourselves to resist negative emotional responses like anger, sadness, and frustration. Stoics do not get provoked as they find it unproductive.
Title: Skepticism Content: The fundamental philosophy governing all philosophies and scientific analysis is the ability to be skeptical and to question. The inherent doubting and protesting of the supplied evidence is a way to validate anything that holds water.