Communication,Personal Development,Leadership & Management,Career
Title: Getting Negative Feedback Content: ... is not the best thing to happen at work. It normally leads to a racing mind, emotional discomfort and increased blood pressure.We may try to defend ourselves, or brush aside the feedback. We can also be stuck in a loop of negative thoughts.
Title: It’s Not Personal Content: Unless it is completely uncalled for, negative feedback generally has the intention of informing us about our areas of improvement. If feedback isn’t provided, you may not grow and improve. If no one tells you that you are doing something wrong, you will keep doing it wrongly forever.Providing timely feedback may be a sign that the manager cares and wants you to improve.
Title: Constructive Criticism: Don’t Shoot The Messenger Content: One should not be defensive when provided with negative feedback, and understand that it is for our own good.One needs to act on the feedback by approaching it from a neutral and objective standpoint, not taking it as a personal attack. Instead of reacting, just pause and listen. Reflect on the feedback, giving yourself some time and space to respond with a level head.
Title: How To Accept Constructive Criticism Content: Specify exactly whose opinion you are worried about.Identify the source of your fear.Don’t get defensive as a reflex action.Drill through the talk to find the real areas of concern.Politely disagree with anything you think isn’t right.Maintain a balanced posture and remain civil.Think about how you will be able to handle it.Remember that perceptions and opinions can change.Check your existing belief patterns.
Title: Receiving Constructive Criticism: Learn and Improvise Content: Develop an attitude to learn and improvise, every day. Regular negative feedback tapers our sensitive, reactive nature by making us thick-skinned and takes us on the path to make ourselves better.
Title: Ask For Feedback Content: Set up a 1-on-1 meeting with your boss proactively and ask for feedback.Feel the discomfort and endure it, removing any initial fear or resistance.Listen to understand, not to blurt out your defence.Express your gratitude to the person giving the feedback.Regularly ask for advice with your bosses and peers.