Personal Development,Society, Arts & Culture,Economics
Title: Lessons from Social Media Content: At the beginning of the decade, we idealistically thought to connect the world would bring people together and help them become more tolerant of their differences. Sadly, the rise of intolerance towards opposing views has spread all across the world.We started the decade with irrational optimism about new technology, and are closing the decade with irrational pessimism.The constant judgment from social media may create stress but is more self-corrective than previous forms of media.Social media is not very forgiving. If anyone does anything remotely wrong, half the planet already knows about it.To make full use of social media, we have to learn to manage our relationship with it.
Title: Attention saturation Content: We lived through the first time in history where the amount of stimulation available to us far outstrips our ability to enjoy it.This creates new problems:We have to take responsibility and develop the skill of choosing how we will invest our time and attention.We have to develop discipline not to get overexcited by our reactions to the news.
Title: #1 Life Skill Content: Your ability to learn well on your own is the most important life skill.When there is an infinite amount of information, the advantages of learning and processing information in diverse ways grow exponentially.This ability to learn well on your ownand do so quickly has a compounding effect. The more you learn now, the better you will be able to learn and process new experiences in the future.
Title: Exposing people to complexity Content: In the late 2000s, people believed that we would make better decisions if we were informed correctly. However, it takes a huge amount of energy to cope with contradictory ideas, resulting in blindly believing whatever you want to believe.The aversion to overwhelming amounts of complex information creates a maturity crisis, which is why the ability to learn will become more valuable in time.
Title: The golden age of art Content: In the entertainment world from before, you were either a great superstar, or you were broke.Today, the great majority fills the middle. If you're good, it is easier than ever to get your work out there and acknowledged.
Title: Values and vulnerability Content: Consider the popular virtue of vulnerability. Initially, the message was that vulnerability is not a form of weakness, but a demonstration of strength.It didn't take long for television shows and social media influencers to grab hold of "vulnerability" and use it to connect with their audience. Today, vulnerability is almost cliche. It is corrupt and the total opposite of real vulnerability.
Title: Going to College Content: After at least three generations, it might make more sense to skip going to college.For some, college still makes sense. However, for many, universities are too expensive, the education they offer is not keeping with the times, and is less necessary for good careers.
Title: The growing rural/urban divide Content: Populations are collecting in densely populated megalopolises. The cost of living and level of education is high, so is the access to amenities and art.In contrast, the rural parts of the world are more and more being left behind economically as well as in education, infrastructure, and culture.This divide causes tension as it drives new attitudes and beliefs about equity, fairness, and justice.
Title: Corporate overlords Content: Amazon's logistical efficiency, Apple's global supply chain and other tech companies like Samsung, Facebook, and Google are corporations that are holding the world together more than any international governmental organization.
Title: The best time in world history Content: It is the best time in world history to be alive. We are safer, healthier, less violent, more tolerant, more educated, and more literate than ever. We have more economic freedom, more knowledge, more entertainment, and more connectivity.But, the overwhelming amount of information and opportunity makes it more difficult to find meaning and purpose.We should learn how to deal with the effects of new technologies and be aware of its limitations.