Personal Development,Philosophy,Communication
Title: Self-discovery Content: Martial arts was not merely a competitive sport for Bruce Lee, but in essence a means of self-discovery and self-expression. By learning to fight, he was able to better understand who he was — he could force himself out of his comfort zone, test his limits, and confront his fears.
Title: Be like water Content: Bruce Lee saw life as being in constant change.Unless we learn to adapt to it, we’re bound to experience tremendous resistance that will entrap us in a constant state of suffering.
Title: Kick dogma out of your life Content: Bruce didn’t subscribe to a dogma of any kind.Although he was an avid reader of religion, philosophy, and martial arts, he viewed religious or philosophical ideologies at best only as signposts pointing to the truth, but not as the truth itself.The truth for him was multi-sided and beyond what words can express.Therefore, it can't be named, packaged, and presented in a certain way without losing its essence.
Title: Love more than romance Content: Bruce Lee pointed out that in order for a relationship to go on past that stage of initial excitement, plenty of time is required. Once this happens, love can grow deeper and take root in two people's hearts.“Love is like a friendship caught on fire."
Title: Keep on growing Content: Bruce Lee saw life as an ongoing journey to wisdom.Through everyday experiences, including mistakes,you get to better understand who you are.
Title: Don't just talk. Do! Content: For Bruce Lee, knowledge that isn't applied is useless, for it serves no actual purpose.“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.”“If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you’ll never get it done.”
Title: There’s more to Bruce Lee than martial arts Content: He was also a philosophy badass.From a very young age, Bruce Lee was obsessed with learning how to make the most out of his life -by the age of 30, he possessed thousands of titles in his library, most of which on self-help, philosophy, and martial arts. He tries to apply what he learned in real life.