Personal Development,Problem Solving,Health,Communication,Mindfulness
Title: Think like Sherlock Holmes Content: “What Sherlock Holmes offers isn’t just a way of solving a crime. It is an entire way of thinking.""Holmes provides...an education in improving our faculty of mindful thought and in using it in order to accomplish more, think better, and decide more optimally." - Ellen Langer
Title: Engagement Content: As children, we are remarkably aware to the world around us. This attention wanes over time as we allowmore pressing responsibilities to attend to and demands on our minds to address. And as the demands on our attention increase so, too, does our actual attention decrease.As it does so, we become less and less able to know or notice our own thought habits and more and more allow our minds to dictate our judgments and decisions, instead of the other way around.
Title: Pitfalls of the Untrained Brain Content: Daniel Kahneman believes there are two systems for organizing and filtering knowledge:System one is real-time. This system makes judgments and decisions before our mental apparatus can consciously catch up.System two, on the other hand, is a slow process of thinking based on critical examination of evidence. Konnikova refers to these as System Watson and System Holmes.To move from a System Watson- to a System Holmes-governed thinking takes mindfulness plus motivation.
Title: Respect the Memory Attic Content: As Holmes tells Watson, “I consider that a man’s brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.”Attics have two components: structure and contents. Your memory attic should not be jumbled and mindless so that knowledge gets lost.
Title: Cultivating knowledge Content: "To cultivate our knowledge actively, we need to realize that items are being pushed into our attic space at every opportunity. "When we’re in our default System Watson mode, we don’t “choose” which memories to store. They just kind of store themselves—or they don’t, as the case may be.
Title: Observation Content: Before we include something in our brain attic we must first observe it.It’s not just about the passive process of letting objects enter into your visual field. It is about knowing what and how to observe and directing your attention accordingly: what details do you focus on? What details do you omit?It’s about understanding how to contextualize those details within a broader framework of thought.
Title: Paying Attention Is Anything but Elementary Content: Attention is a limited resource. Paying attention to one thing necessarily comes at the expense of another.We cannot allocate our attention to multiple things at once and expect it to function at the same level as it would were we to focus on just one activity.
Title: The Holmes solution is Habit Content: Habit and motivation. Become an expert of sorts at those types of decisions or observation that you want to excel at making.
Title: Take a Step Back Content: To think we also need distance.Forcing your mind to take a step back is a tough thing to do. It seems counterintuitive to walk away from a problem that you want to solve.Not only does distance facilitate imaginative thinking but it also helps counter short-term emotions.