Habits,Productivity,Mindfulness,Time Management,Meditation
Title: What is takes? Content: To reach your goals, you need a system. You need to build habits and you have to stick around long enough to let them do their magic. You hear it over and over again because it’s true.
Title: 1-Delay Your Reactions Content: Learn to say “I’ll let you know later”, “I’ll get back to you on this”, and other similar phrases.Instead of saying yes to an offer only to realize later that it doesn’t fit your schedule, better to take a few minutes to think about it.It will save you a great amount of time and disappointment in the long run.
Title: Push Yourself to Complete a Task When You Don’t Feel Like It Content: Every day, pick a small task you don’t want to do then go ahead and complete it. From washing the dishes to making your bed and from going for a run to making dinner instead of ordering food. It can be anything.
Title: Spend a Day Away From Social Media Content: So if you’re struggling with this as well, start small. Spend a day away from social media or don’t connect your phone to wifi at all. After you realize you’re not missing out on anything, by being offline for one day, you’ll consciously choose to spend less time online, every day.
Title: Prepare Your Next Day the Night Before Content: Choose your outfit and put everything in your bag (men might not understand this, but most women have a looong list of things that they need to have in their everyday bag).Write down a to-do list and check your calendar to see if you scheduled any meetings or calls. Do anything you can to make the next day easier.If you have a plan, you get things done faster. There’s no magic involved, it’s pure logic.
Title: Eat Mindfully Content: Next time you eat, do just that: eat. You’ll see it’s not easy at all to not reach for your phone. And the simple fact that we have to talk ourselves out of doing it should raise some questions.
Title: Others  Content: Use a Timer for Your TasksPlace Your Phone on the Opposite Side of the Room
Title: Set a Spending Waiting Period Content: To avoid buying unnecessary things, ask yourself a simple question: “ Would I pay the full price for it?” If the answer is “yes”, then take out your wallet. If it’s negative, walk away. I wait for a few days to see if it’s still going to be on my mind. The second rule applies to items on sale. Everybody loves the sales periods, right? But it’s also when we tend to buy a lot of stuff we don’t need. Getting a good deal makes us happy. Until we get home and realize it was just a temporary feeling.
Title:  Write Down Every Idea Content: “It’s ok, I’ll remember it” should go down in history as the biggest lie we tell ourselves. Out of all the things you pick up during the day, you end up forgetting more than half of it.So make a habit of writing everything down, even the silly stuff that seem unimportant.