Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Resilience Content: It is our ability to survive and flourish through our traumas, stressors, responsibility shifts and challenges offered by life.
Title: Self-Respecting Content: To be resilient, you must develop the ability to self-soothe when things get tough.When things are in a particularly stressful place, you must tap into your will, motivation, and pliability to continue moving forward.
Title: Emotionally Driven Content: Resilient people are not needy, desperate or overly reactive.They carry a relaxed attitude and view rejection as a new direction opportunity. They don’t get down when challenged, they commit to getting up. They do not depend upon others for our resources.
Title: Discerning Content: Be discerning of the company you keep and the persons you choose to have relationships with.Negativity is drama-producing, so we must be mindful not to surround ourselves with those who come from arrogance, ego, and greed.
Title: Tasteful Content: Whenever and wherever you are present, it is our more understated qualities that set us apart from the rest.Resilient people are wise to understand that confidence doesn’t need attention, it draws attention.
Title: Nurturing Content: Nurturing makes you someone others want to have in their lives. You inspire others.Make sure to exercise, eat well and get enough rest. Balance your time so you can create a life-experience which is whole.
Title: Gritty Content: The resilient feel stress just as anyone else does but their tough-mindedness helps them live the motto to never quit.To be healthy physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually, you have to be focused, determined and keep your efforts on your aspirations regardless of the distance it will take to fulfill them.
Title: Focused on others Content: To be exceptional in life or business we must see the good in others. We must notice and value the intelligence and character that other people bring to our life and business. When we are grounded in who we are, we enjoy celebrating the accomplishments of others as much as we love our own success.