Personal Development,Health,Motivation & Inspiration,Problem Solving
Title: Hedonic adaptation Content: Hedonic adaptation refers to people’s common tendency to return to a determined level of happiness regardless of life’s ups and downs.Hedonic adaptation is often referred to as “the hedonic treadmill” because we always end up where we started.
Title: Examples of Hedonic Adaptation Content: People who win the lottery are likely to revert to their original levels of happiness after the novelty of the win has worn off. It is also true for those who are in major accidents. People generally tend to return to their pre-accident levels of happiness after a period.Research has found that the first bite of something delicious is experienced as more pleasurable than the subsequent bites.
Title: How Much Control We Have Content: Researcher Sonja Lyubomirsky has examined this set-point:A full 50 percent of our happiness set-point is due to genetics. 10 percent is affected primarily by circumstances like where we were born and to whom. 40 percent is subject to our influence.
Title: Being Prone to Hedonic Adaptation Content: Certain pleasures are more prone to hedonic adaptation. These pleasures can lift your mood quickly, but their effects can be short-lived. You may also get used to them fairly quickly. For example, If you have the same meal every day, you may find it to be less enjoyable by the end of the week. This is also true for fresh flowers or listening to your favorite song.Gratifications, as well as activities that give a strong sense of meaning to us, are more immune to the effects of hedonic adaptation.
Title: How to Minimize Hedonic Adaptation Content: Make sure you include several pleasures throughout your day. Get a cup of coffee or call your friend.Alternate your pleasures. This way they always feel new.Make time for your hobbies.Find time for meaningful activities.Savor your positive experiences. Keep a journal and write about three things you enjoyed every day.Take note of your happiness levels. Make time for whatever you can do to lift your mood.