Food
Title: What Makes Oregano Oil So Special?  Content: The primary ingredients of oregano oil are the phenols, Carvacrol (60-80%) and Thymol (5%) which provide the antiseptic and antioxidant components. They are also the terpenes, pinene and terinene which contribute to the antiseptic, antiviral, anti-inflammatory and anesthetic properties.
Title:  nature remedies can be better Content: Pharmaceutical companies in ignoring the power of this natural synergy do what they do with all the natural medicinals, which is to extract the main ingredient and create a new product. Unfortunately their newly created and thus patentable products bear similarities to the naturally occurring medicinals but not enough to make them recognizable to our body systems, which oftenwill treat them as pathogens or unrecognizable foreign invaders, thus creating the typical multitude of detrimental side effects so common with pharmaceuticals. 
Title: Why Is Oregano Oil Considered Medicinal ? Content:  Oregano oil is considered medicinal because it has healing properties that are both aggressive and supportive in that this oil attacks pathogens within the body while at the same time feeding the body a multitude of necessary life promoting energized minerals and nutrients.PubMed lists almost two hundred studies that have been done on the beneficial properties of oregano oil. Although all these studies have taken place in the laboratory and not on human subjects they reveal the efficacious nature of this oil in dealing with pathogens as well as containing numerous essential minerals.
Title: Daily dose Content: We are surrounded by a world full of naturally occurring remedies, foods, herbs and medicines which are packed with the energy to heal us and oregano oil is just one of thousands that we have been blessed with. So how do I personally take oil of oregano? I literally just put 3-4 drops under my tongue before I got to bed each night. In addition to all the functions listed above, it also works well as an appetite suppressant! To learn more, just visit: https://bengreenfieldfitness.com/oregano  