Personal Development,Problem Solving,Health,Mental Health
Title: All fears are not created equal Content: Some are useful, and some are useless fears that you can't or shouldn't do anything about.They sap your strength for no reason, and you should put those fears in their place. Worrying about a comet striking Earth falls in this category.
Title: Fear can harm you Content: In scuba diving, for instance, fear can cause you to breathe too fast, swim too hard, move too suddenly, fail to take note of your surroundings, or rise too quickly toward the surface.Knowing that fear has the potential to harm you can help you set it aside. Fold up thatfear, put it in a box, and promise you'll get back to it later at a less dangerous time.
Title: Fear and chemicals Content: You may think it's your judgment deciding that something is dangerous and you should be afraid, but what actually happens is that fear chemicals are flooding into your brain. Experiments have shown that fear can be induced artificially by injecting certain chemicals. Do the chemicals know what you should and shouldn't be afraid of? They don't. You do.
Title: Enlarge your comfort zone Content: The more we stick with what's familiar, the more frightened we'll be every time we encounter the unfamiliar.Seek out unfamiliar territory--try new things, stretch yourself professionally, risk being seen as a fool.
Title: Engage your cognition Content: One good way to take back your brain from chemicals that are flooding it is to do something that engages your prefrontal cortex, the part of your brain that reasons.Focus on problem solving, such as doing a crossword puzzle, bookkeeping, responding to business emails, or other such emotionally neutral activity.
Title: Name your fears Content: Naming your fears always takes some of the power out of them.Telling someone what you're most afraid of can be a great way to cut those fears down. It's also very helpful to write them down. It will cause your brain to come up with solutions and backup plans.
Title: Stop and breathe Content: Simply stop for a few moments and focus on your breath. Filling your brain with oxygen will help it drive out fear.
Title: Embrace your fear, then let it go Content: Give yourself permission to wallow in your worries for a specified time. When it is over, tell yourself that you are now finished with useless fear.