Personal Development,Habits,Time Management,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Defining "Success" Content: “Success” isn’t just having lots of money.Success is continuously improving who you are, how you live, how you serve, and how you relate.
Title: Putting "first things" first Content: Start the day with your #1 priority.Getting up early isn’t enough. You need to put first things first. When you put your top priorities first, then you ensure they make it into the bucket of your day. After your main priorities have been completed, the rest will fill the gaps.
Title: Approaching learning styles Content: Most people have a growth mindset about the learning style they are comfortable with: if you like math and learn in analytical ways, you probably believe you can get better at math and seek opportunities to do so.Most people have a fixed mindset about the learning styles that aren't comfortable with:  if you don’t like writing, you probably believe you can’t get better at it.
Title: Define your "Why" Content: Clarity leads to motivation. Also, operating from your deepest conviction creates authentic and optimal performance.Think about what it is you want, and ask yourself this simple question:What about ___________ is important to me?Then put your answer into the same question.It’s good to go at least 7-questions deep into this exercise.
Title: The Expectancy Theory Content: You get in life what you expect you will. This theory is based on 3 things:How bad you want somethingHow much you believe you can actually have/do what you wantYour belief that the means by which you seek your goal will actually bring about the desired result
Title: Reaching Mastery Content: Mastery comes from embracing difficult emotions. You’ll face difficult emotions because, in order to gain true mastery, you must understand all sides of something.You need to be able to integrate what you know with tons of new information and to be able to quickly connect your understanding with things from seemingly disconnected domains.
Title: Giving and serving Content: Why you should give to others:You genuinely want to help other people.You believe in humanity.Why youshouldn'tgive to others:Don't give to boast.Don’t give to put others in debt to you.Don’t give to get ahead.Don’t give to make others feel inferior.
Title: The THANK YOU economy  Content: People are getting more used to having everything at their fingertipsPeople are getting used to having their needs met quickly, and cheapPeople are also lowering their standards for the quality of services they are getting (and information they are consuming), because so much stuff is now available for free
Title: Prepare for the next day Content: The success of your morning begins the night before.All you have to do is spend a few minutes making FIRM decisions about what you’ll do when you first wake up. You don’t need a huge to-do list. You just need to know the FIRST thing you’re going to do.