Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: The Easily Distracted  Content: Getting sidetracked by minor concerns and are never quite able to bring the focus that you need to larger projects.What to do: Build extra time when planning your projects. Also, physically block out distractions, like by isolating yourself, turning your desk to face the wall rather than the doorway or using noise-canceling headphones to help keep you focused.
Title: The Under-estimator  Content: You routinely fail to complete tasks because you underestimate the time necessary to finish them.What to do: Assume as a rule that things will take longer than you expect. Start earlier than you think you need to in order to have a buffer for eventualities. Also, investigate how long past assignments took and why, and identify patterns there that can guide future decisions.
Title: The Fire Fighter Content: Everything feels like a crisis to you and you spend much of your time putting out fires, leaving you without much time for your biggest priorities.What to do: Identify your most important goals. List the things you need to accomplish within a given timeframe. Work on other items only if you finish your must-do’s for the timeframe. Also, try setting aside “work blocks” on your calendar to work on your highest priorities, and don’t let yourself schedule over them.
Title: The "Never Say No" Personality Content: You often say yes to requests and commit to so much you feel overwhelmed and exhausted.What to do: Keep track of what you need to do, how much time it will take and don’t accept nonpriority tasks if they are going to conflict with yours.
Title: The Procrastinator  Content: Your professional life is being affected because you often postpone working, find hard to start working or do low-priority work instead of high priority.What to do: Starting is the hardest part. Divide your work into small tasks and schedule time to tackle at least one of them a day. Setting yourself deadlines may work too.