Corporate Culture,Personal Development,Leadership & Management,Communication
Title: The speed of change Content: Theamount of data generated doubles every two years, reflecting a 50-fold growth from 2010 to 2020.To thrive in this rapidly changing environment, leaders must evolve quickly or risk extinction. Leaders need to possess the skills to read the ever-changing landscape, to create flexible teams and inspire their companies to solve big problems.
Title: Communicate your leadership signature Content: A leadership signature: Who you are as a leader and how you view and approach the job.Discover your leadership signature by asking how you lead day by day. Are you task or people focussed?Ask people who work with you how they would describe your leadership.Consider the impact you have. Are you changing the culture? Driving results?
Title: Be a sense maker Content: Sensemaking refers to the process of creating meaning out of the chaotic world around us.We need to make sense when something in our environment seems to have changed. We collect data, learn from others, look for patterns to create a new map of the landscape. Then we experiment with new solutions to see how it will respond to this new environment.
Title: Build flexible teams Content: Setting clear goals, defining roles and improving relations is only part of the picture. Leaders should also be able to build a new and dynamic kind of team to encourage speed, innovation, and implementation.The next time, gather a dynamic team that can scout for talent and resources, coordinate team activities with specific goals, and also coordinate their tasks.
Title: Replace toxic leadership tendencies Content: Toxic leadership can achieve short term results, but over time performance will deteriorate.When things get troublesome, even the best leaders can slide into a self-centered approach. However, with self-awareness and some feedback, leaders can learn to deal with these tendencies and move toward a leadership that challenges and inspires.
Title: Build the systems Content: Successful leaders will need to create a framework in which a dynamic team can thrive. It will involve hiring and developing three types of leaders.Entrepreneurial leaders. They are the sense makers that discover new products and create flexible teams.Enabling leaders.They have a broader perspective and can identify similar projects and opportunities for collaboration outside.Architecting leaders.They create systems, structures, and a culture that explore possibilities and make self-governing decisions.