Personal Development,Problem Solving,Creativity
Title: Keep Pushing Content: You need a lot of good ideas to make a business work. Follow up on your first idea and keep tackling new problems for as long as it takes.
Title: Tackle Small Problems Content: If you can't find a creative solution to a big problem, start by working on smaller problemsso you can work your way up to thebiggerproblem.
Title: Simplify Content: Sometimes a lack of inspiration can come from working on too many projects.Cut out extraneous tasks and focus on solving one problem at a time.
Title: Be The Dumbest Person In The Room Content: Do your best to surround yourself with people smarter than you. They will push you to come up with new ideas and help you refine them into practical applications.
Title: Be Creative In Other Ways Content: Paint, write fiction or poetry, play an instrument… Being creative can inspire you for creative business ideas.
Title: Look At Your Own Life Content: Think about the problems you encounter on a day-to-day basis. What frustrates you, and how could you potentially remove that frustration?
Title: Never Stop Learning Content: Take classes in your spare time, read scholarly articles and listen to lectures. The more you learn, the more opportunities you have to make connections and discover new ideas.
Title: Seek Knowledge Content: The internet is the world's largest and most varied library. Letting yourself be drawn down a path of links and idle searches can take you to a new and fascinating idea.History books are also full of great ideas and they often come with the processes and influences behind those great ideas. Tracing the creativity of great minds in the past can help you find new solutions in the present.
Title: Don't Analyze Content: Spend time brainstorming without scrutinizing your ideas. Throw out anything and everything, then go back later to see if anything makes sense.
Title: Evaluate Your Goals Content: Maybe your struggle for inspiration is symptomatic of a deeper issue. Are your efforts actually being focused in the right direction?
Title: Focus On Yourself Content: Take a vacation, get enough sleep, listen to new music, do what it takes to get in the right place for yourself. Once you are there, creativity will come more naturally.
Title: Stop Being a Perfectionist Content: For a moment, allow something to be imperfect. Start acting, even if that means going forward with an idea that isn't totally refined just yet.Don’t forget that failure is actually a lesson and a requirement to accomplishing most things.
Title: Ask Around And Question Things Content: Sometimes it just takes a different perspective. Seek those who may have useful knowledge on the issue you’re trying to solve.When you get a new idea don't let it slip by without being examined, tested and turned on its head.
Title: Regain Your Focus Content: Spend some time away from the cell phone, the Internet or anything else that pulls you away from the problem at hand.Meditating and hitting the gym also gives you focus and takes your mind away from past and future concerns. Besides, it keeps your body and mind in good shape.
Title: Broaden Your Horizons Content: The physical space around us has a surprising impact on thought processes. Spending time brainstorming away from your usual environment can increase your productivity.Traveling is also a great way to see how the rest of the world lives. You can get inspiration from seeing new ways of doing things or discovering needs you didn't know existed.
Title: Writing And Reading Content: Read on a wide range of topics to widen your knowledge and discover new connections. And when the new ideas start showing up, write them down.Write your ideas, good or bad. Putting your thoughts on paper makes it easier to go back to find the stroke of genius and teaches you about how your own brain works.