Philosophy,Mindfulness,Health,Problem Solving,Meditation
Title: What is mindfulness? Content: Mindfulness is not about having no thoughts at all. Instead, it’s about being aware that they’re always there. Mindfulness will uncloud our mind to see which thought worth our energy and what’s not. Our thoughts will bring us to the past or future, and it’s mindfulness that can bring us back to the present.
Title: Benefits of Mindfulness Content: Mindfulness has plenty of benefits on our well-being. Practicing it every day will eventually change the way we process our thoughts and emotions. We will become more relaxed, emotionally stable, and compassionate.Additionally, mindfulness also has positive effects on our physical health. Science has discovered that mindfulness can help relieve stress, reduce chronic pain, improve sleep, and lower blood pressure.
Title: How to observe thoughts without judgment during meditation? Content: Master the 3 modes of sensation without judgment.While closing your eyes, you might startseeing,feeling, andhearing.The Inner Seeing.These are flashes of images that we see in our minds. This could be a place, person, or thing.The Outer Feeling.These are the things that we feel physically like numbness in our feet or hands, heartburn, a burning stomach, headache, etc.The Inner Feeling.These are our internal feelings like anger, sadness, happiness, etc.The Outer Hearing.The things that we hear externally like a dog barking, birds chirping, or any sound that we hear from our surroundings.The Inner Hearing.These are the things that we hear in our minds. These are our self-talk. For example, you might hear yourself saying: I have to cook for lunch, I need to stop meditating, This is weird, etc.So during your mindfulness meditation, these are the things that you might experience. The key here is not to engage in any of these sensations. All you need to do is just acknowledge that you hear, see, or feel. That’s it, don’t go further to knowing who, what, where, when, and how. Just acknowledge that you see an object.Also, it is important to integrateself-compassioninto this practice. Remember that it is normal to get swept away with our thoughts. You might end up thinking about the noise that you hear. That’s okay, don’t berate yourself, don’t judge yourself for wandering. Just go back to your anchor – your breathing.
Title: Benefits of Mindfulness Content: Mindfulness has plenty of benefits on our well-being. Practicing it every day will eventually change the way we process our thoughts and emotions. We will become more relaxed, emotionally stable, and compassionate.Additionally, mindfulness also has positive effects on our physical health. Science has discovered that mindfulness can help relieve stress, reduce chronic pain, improve sleep, and lower blood pressure.
Title: 6 Steps For Mindfulness Meditation Content: Find a comfortable and quiet place.Set a timer.Start your meditation with a deep breath.Establish your anchor by paying attention to your breathing.Observe the present moment without judgment.Let go and end your meditation.
Title: How often should you practice mindfulness meditation? Content: You can’t get the benefits of mindfulness in 1 session of 5-minute mindfulness meditation. Same as you can’t gain muscles just by going to the gym once.If you want to become good at it, you need to practice regularly. You need to make mindfulness meditation a habit to really benefit from it.In my case, I meditate right after I wake up for 15-20 minutes, and another 15-20 minutes before going to bed, every day