Health,Personal Development,Food
Title: Vitamins and free radicals Content: In the 90s, vitamins were touted as treatments for cardiovascular diseases, cataracts, and even cancer.Sales in multivitamins and other dietary supplements boomed.But over the years, vitamin C, and many other dietary supplements, have found little backing from scientific study. In fact, they were proven to be more harming rather than helping our bodies.
Title: Added antioxidants Content: In the 1970s and into the 80s, research was done where mice were given a variety of supplementary antioxidants in their diet or via an injection straight into the bloodstream. The result showed that an excess of antioxidants didn't stop the onset of disease or extended lifespan.
Title: Antioxidant supplementation Content: In 1994, one trial followed the lives of 29,133 Finish people in their 50s who all smoked. Some were given beta-carotene supplements. The group that supplemented with Beta-carotene had a 16% increase in lung cancer.Another study shows a breast cancer increase of 20% for postmenopausal women who supplemented with folic acid.One study with 100 heavy smokers had a 28% increase in lung cancer after just four years of beta-carotene and vitamin A supplementation.
Title: Not a miracle cure Content: The idea that antioxidant supplementation is a miracle cure is entirely redundant.For instance, excess Vitamin C can become, in itself, a free radical by accepting an electron and in turn, damage cell membranes, proteins, and DNA. 
Title: The work of free-radicals Content: Free radicals are essential for our health. They are used as molecular messengers that send signals from one region of the cell to another. Without free radicals, cells would continue to grow and divide uncontrollably, also known as cancer.Free radicals also increase when our bodies are infected with an unwanted bacterium or virus. Free radicals act as a warning method to our immune system.
Title: Vitamin supplementation Content: Administration of antioxidants is only justified when it is evident that there is a real deficiency of a specific antioxidant.It is far better to get antioxidants from food because it contains a mixture of antioxidants that work together. A diet rich in fruits and vegetables provides a healthy balance of pro-oxidants and other compounds whose roles aren't fully understood.