Religion & Spirituality,Motivation & Inspiration,Philosophy,Mindfulness,Travel
Title: Happiness is not a destination Content: “I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain. One always finds one’s burden again. But Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself, forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy .”One always finds one’s burden again  : Here we glimpse the inescapable paradox facing problem solvers. By solving a problem we’re left with at least one new problem: “what now?” Beyond this, solutions invariably contain the seeds of new problems. And so we must consider that by solving a problem in the present we expand the domain of future possible problems.Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well  : The “higher fidelity” in question lies in Sisyphus’s recognition and embrace of his circumstances as a generative process . And it’s this fidelity to the process itself, to the generative element within inescapable immortal toil, that develops one’s own Godly nature and persists Order in the face of Chaos. Sisyphus commits to this Truth despite knowledge of the ceaselessly rejuvenating cycle of problems to come.This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself, forms a world  : Channeling Nietzsche, Camus grapples with the capacity for meaning in a society that has relegated its mythological foundations to the ash heap of history. Absent acceptance of divinity’s concrete reality, Sisyphus must find that which is most God-like within his own realm of experience.The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy  : To bridge the divide between Sisyphus’s subjective experience and the happiness that fills hearts, Camus implies that the power to fill the gap between his subjective experience and a full heart lies within Sisyphus’s mind. And beyond this, we see that struggle and happiness may be counterintuitively but inextricably linked.Acknowledge that you will never rid yourself, or the world, of problems.Fully embrace #1 as a necessary precondition for personal development and growth.Solve problems anyway. Take responsibility for the continuous renewal of Order in the face of Chaos, and know that doing so will generate an unending stream of opportunities to improve both yourself and the world around you.Start small. Begin by solving problems in an environment over which you actually have control. If “each mineral-flake of that night-filled mountain forms a world”, you don’t want too many such flakes littering your own world. Perhaps begin by cleaning your room .In this search for a destination lies the key insight and final puzzle piece: the feeling of happiness is not an endpoint of being at which one might arrive, it’s an indicator that one is moving — successfully — toward a meaningful goal. In other words, happiness is a compass, not a destination.   It’s a psychological tool for aligning our goals and actions over time, not an address at which one might reside.