Personal Development,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Make Some Space Content: Give yourself periods for resting and thinking so you’re not overwhelmed by the constant challenge and lose motivation. By taking breaks, you’ll be better able to perform and come up with solutions to challenges.
Title: Learn From Losses Content: While overcoming your limitations, you’ll likely experience failure and you should scour those for lessons.
Title: Use a Little Healthy Imitation Content: It can be beneficial to find a role model and engage in some healthy imitation. Done well, it can give you some confidence.You shouldn’t copy everything about the person. But notice how they act and try mimicking their successful habits until you can adapt them to your own style.
Title: Ask For Help Content: To gain confidence, you may need help to get fresh perspectives, training, or mentorship.You may also find it useful tocreate a small community who support you in your goal quest and believe in your ability. Such a group can make you more resilient and committed, especially when you’re feeling nervous, discouraged, or vulnerable.
Title: Build Confidence Content: Set small goals and action items to move you toward your goal and celebrate those small accomplishments along the way. Celebrating the small wins is critical becauseotherwise, the new goalsthat will come up may make you feel like you never do enough.
Title: Accept The Discomfort Content: Pushing towards your goals can make you feel vulnerable or afraid of failing. But you must resist the temptation to stop if you want to succeed.Your brain is constantly trying to keep you safe. But once you accept that you’ll feel discomfort in stretching yourself and taking risks, the anxiety and fear diminish.
Title: Get In Touch With Your Motivations Content: Think where you are now and where you want to be to feel fulfilled to get a general direction in which to move forward.Ask yourself the following questions:What helps you find meaning in life?What’s your purpose statement?What brings you joy?
Title: “They” Language Content: When your beliefs refer to an ambiguous “they, ” there’s a good sign that they’re manufactured and not real. Statements like, “They’ll never give me a shot, ” or, “They’re going to know I’m too…, ” are good examples.Don’t assume what’s going on in others’ heads–especially of those “others” who haven’t told you directly that you’ve got a limitation.