Personal Development,Habits,Time Management,Problem Solving
Title: Holding Yourself Accountable Content: Make yourself accountable for what you do or don’t do. You don’t have to do things to prove something to others.Make a To-Do list with your goals, intentions and proposed actions, and try to stick to it.
Title: Being Honest Content: If we are not honest in our communication due to any internal fear, we are not taken seriously. People can tell when we are not honest. There is no need to hide anything or play the victim card. Honesty seems difficult as it requires humility, but if followed, it is easier to be self-disciplined.
Title: The Right Example Content: People won’t do what you are not doing, and they won’t do what you are doing, if you tell them to do so. You need to do what’s right, but not have any expectations. Let your actions speak for you.
Title: A Reason To Become Content: Improving yourself is no cakewalk, but if you have the will to do it, you will get the required self-discipline.What you need is the reason, the inner motivation to get better.
Title: Write Daily Content: Putting what you are thinking on paper makes you understand yourself. Often ideas pop in the head but have to be mapped on paper to make them coherent and stable.Scribble your thoughts, ideas, and even desires on paper, and then get back to it after a few days, using your brain as an analytical tool.
Title: Doing What You Can Content: Out of the seven billion people, it’s hard to find a single person who doesn’t have any problem. To cater to these problems we have to do what we can. We cannot stay paralyzed, complaining about the problem, but have to take action. There is always something that you can do.
Title: Looking Ahead Content: Life is cyclic. Good and bad things happen, turn by turn. We need to be resilient and train our bodies and mind.
Title: Being Present Content: Life happens to be present in the present moment. Being lost in your thoughts or procrastinating will not help you. You need to be disciplined enough to be able to live in the present moment.The day we become self-aware of our thoughts, we have defeated Time itself and can move towards what matters to us the most.
Title: Self-Discipline During Hard Times Content: Self Discipline is crucial in these strange times when our freedom to go out and enjoy life has been curbed and when we still have to keep working while trying to take care of our family, health, and nutrition.