Personal Development,Problem Solving,Reading & Writing,Communication,Creativity
Title: Harnessing A Creative Spark Content: We would want to be ready when creativity strikes, much as we do not know when and where that will happen.A simple, profound idea, if caught and built upon, can become a big project or even the work of a lifetime.
Title: Creative Spark: Write It Down Content: One has to pay attention to one’s thought patterns, looking for innovative connections and sparks that the world is whispering to us. When inspiration comes, It also helps to write the stuff down, or take notes in a notes app on the laptop/phone.If writing is not possible, dictate on the phone audio recorder.
Title: Creative Spark: Creating Boundaries Content: If the project that you want to start based on the idea is made public, it can help us take it more seriously due to the accountability and peer pressure that comes with a public visibility. If the project does not have clear-cut deadlines and parameters, it helps to assign one to yourself, as having clear-cut goals (restrictions) are actually good for creative, unexpected results.
Title: Creativity And Collaboration Content: Asking for feedback and general collaboration with other people provides us with a sounding board that can sharpen our vision and make the execution stronger.It also helps us recalibrate or pivot the idea and give it the right direction and shape.
Title: Creativity: Mapping The Progress Content: Once the project is on trajectory, it is a good idea to map out a schedule, breaking it down into stages. Even a calendar plan can help us visualize the outcome in the future and not be anxious.
Title: Creative Spark: The Test Of Time Content: If the idea gets stale after a week or a month, it may not be worth pursuing the same. The creative spark needs to be alive, to keep the excitement and motivation levels as they were before.One has to invest one’s limited resources (Time, Money, Energy) only in something that is worth doing.