Communication,Personal Development,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: Before You Give A Presentation Content: Walk the stage. It is good to get a feel for the stage because it means you can establish a sense of ownership of the space, which will increase your confidence.Check the equipment to avoid minor mishaps. Know where you are sitting and use it to your advantage. People take 3 - 7 seconds to form an opinion of you.Your performance starts the moment you step onto the stage, not with your first line. Your audiences want you to be awesome because they made an effort to see you.
Title: The Beginning Of Your Speech Content: Take the time to stand straight, to smile, (acknowledge the audience, thank them and your host depending on the event), take a couple of deep breaths while going over your first line in your head.Start with a bang - a statistic, a quote, a statement, a joke - anything that will arouse curiosity and engage your audience's thinking. Don't start with "Hello, my name is... and I'm going to talk about..."
Title: Maintaining Your Audience's Interest Content: Now that you’ve captured the audience, you have to maintain their interest. This can take different formats:Problem/Solution: This is commonly used when introducing a product or innovation, using the Monroe Sequence: Draw attention, Establish need, Satisfy need, Visualise future, Take action. You identify the problem as something the audience wants to solve, then present the solution as well as simple ways of implementing the solution. Interaction: This can be embedded into the first approach. You can engage an audience by demonstrating, for example, a thinking bias that you will solve.Gimmicks/Visuals/Props: If you are using PowerPoint, do not read your slides line by line, but use it to enhance rather than make the point. If you are using props - lights and sound can help. Don't act unless you are ready to pull it off, to prevent your audience from feeling embarrassed on your behalf.
Title: Make an impact with your close Content: Your close is what the audience will remember. Don't shuffle and say "Umm, that's it." At the very least, add a strong last line and say "thank you."Wind down with something uplifting. Use another story or a quote that will uplift the audience.Give your details.State your call to action.Presenting is like the first date with someone you'd like to get to know better. Make them remember you.