Personal Development,Communication,Psychology
Title: Introverted vs. extroverted people Content: If you recover your energy while alone or in quiet surroundings, you’re probably an introverted type of person.You can experience the benefits of both types when you push yourself to overcome weaknesses of one type or the other at key moments in your life.
Title: Introverted vs. shy/insecure people Content: There’s nothing wrong with being an introvert.If you are emotionally unstable, being an introvert can become the biggest enemy of your progress in life.There’s a big difference between being an introvert and being afraid of public speaking, meeting people and speaking up when necessary. Social anxiety is not introversion, it’s a fear you must face and overcome.
Title: Thinking before speaking and acting Content: Make sure that you speak up when you have something important to say.Take advantage of your ability to observe other people, the environment you’re in and the energy flow in the room.People will pay more attention to what you say when you do speak up.You probably have the ability to study things better and faster, so when you do say something make sure that it’s an eye-opener.People will trust you more and thus you’ll have access to more privileged information.
Title: Written communication Content: Introverts are usually much better at written rather than oral communication. If you’re that kind of an introvert, take advantage of it.As an introvert, you can easily be good in self-advertising, only in a different kind of way; there’s no need for you to greet big crowds of people, all you have to do is open a word processor or an online publishing platform and start writing.
Title: Understanding people and your environment Content: Being a good listener is a very important skill and as an introvert, you can develop an outstanding ability to pay attention to what people are saying.If you’re an introvert, you’re much more sensible to any stimuli from the environment. Therefore make sure that you turn off your phone and all other possible distractions from the environment when you’re talking to someone.
Title: Creativity and having ideas Content: As an introvert, you probably have an incredible capacity to analyze, prioritize ideas and connect ideas to an environment, thinking through what it would take to realize them.Every day, try to write down at least 20 to 50 ideas to keep your creative muscle strong,because you can forget them more easily­, since you usually brainstorm ideas without interacting with other people who could help you remember.
Title: Concentrating and processing information Content: Especially work on big and complex tasks, where your concentration power blossoms.Look for important details that others can’t see.Create a superior system of gathering, processing and connecting information.Become really good with technology and leverage it for your success.
Title: Working alone Content: Introverts flourish when working alone and it can be a big advantage if you’re an organized person.Distinguish between important and urgent tasks and make sure that there are no distractions when you’re working. By doing that, you can become incomparably more productive than other people.
Title: Building a strong intimate network Content: As an introvert, you have a great capacity for building deep and strongrelationshipswith family, friends and your spouse. Make sure that you do that and it’ll also give you the courage to act more extroverted in other areas of life.
Title: Organizing things and leadership Content: The desire to lead must be greater than the need to stay behind the curtains or behind the book.You have to speak up when necessary.You have to take initiative when an opportunity pops up.When you do socialize, you must show your best.You have to shine at the key social gatherings and push yourself through them.You have to be a good communicatorIt’s good that you think before you talk and act, but you must act.
Title: Building your name on prestige not dominance Content: Introverts can build social position and personal brand on prestige. That includes genuinely taking care for others, sharing information and expertise, connecting people, sharing positive values etc. It’s a path every courageous introvert can take in order to leave their mark on this world.
Title: Making connection with new people Content: For introverts, having a few close friends is enough and making new connections frequently doesn’t seem to make sense. That’s a very wrong approach to life.Tricks that can help you make new connections.You don’t have to break the ice, because there is no ice. All you have to do is say hi. It is not an enormous effort.You don’t need to become good at small talk. Go straight to  deep and meaningful questions.Create and do awesome things. Others will want to network with you.
Title: Self-advertising  Content: Prepare yourself really well for those few moments when you have to push yourself over being an introvert.You can more or less substitute in-person advertising with written self-promotion.Make sure you get recommendations from people who know what you can really deliver.Be a quiet producer and hire other people to do all the advertising and selling for you.
Title: Teamwork Content: Ideas for making sure you’re a good team worker as an introvert:Make sure you have a place to work in solitude, but when you do participate in a meeting, play a very active role.Respect all the extroverts and they’ll respect you too.
Title: Sudden changes Content: Introverts are supposed to dislike any sudden changes, as this putsputs introverts under a lot of stress.If you’re prepared and have worked out alternative options, your stress level goes down fast.No matter how resourceful you are, make sure you also build some security nets with outer resources (30 %).
Title: An extrovert switch for introverts Content: If you’re an ambitious introvert, you’ll find yourself in situations where being an extrovert is sometimes a must. But only for a short period of time. Afterwards, you can go simply back into introverted mode.This can sometimes be necessaryto show that you have the skills and can be assertive and achieve goals in life. 