Health,Personal Development,Learning & Education,Science & Nature
Title: Neuroeducation Content: Neuroscientists explore the biology behind processes such as the formation of memories, creative processes, etc. Neuroeducation is a recent discipline that draws together researchers in neuroscience, educational psychology, and educational technology. Neuroeducation is about how scientific findings can be translated into the real world.
Title: The main applications of neuroeducation Content: Attention. To learn, we need to be able to focus on some aspects while ignoring or excluding others. For example, reading this paragraph while ignoring the noise around you.Memory. Knowing how memory works and how you can make learning more efficient can increase your performance. Science-based techniques include interleaving and chunking.Executive control. Being able to plan, to create a sequence of steps, and to retain important information for short periods. While most happens in the prefrontal cortex, lots of research is needed to understand how executive control works.Social behaviour. Social Neuroscience is aiming to understand how our biology affects our social behaviours.Neurodiversity. Conditions such as ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), dyscalculia (difficulty with arithmetical calculations), and dyslexia impact learning. Neuroeducation aims to understand how these conditions best adapt to the learning environment.
Title: Learning: In the classroom and beyond Content: Learning starts in childhood and continues into adulthood. Some learning happens in our spare time, and a lot in the workplace.Many of the current applications of neuroeducation in the classroom are usable in the workplace. Since $80 billion is spent every year on corporate training in the United States, we need to ensure training interventions are effective. Neuroeducation could provide an answer, ensuring employees understand how the brain thinks, learn, and make decisions.
Title: Realistic expectations about neuroeducation Content: Neuroeducation could be used to dispel harmful neuromyths about how people learn.Well-researched neuroscience findings in the area of learning and memory could be taught to students and employees.A more challenging step would be to teach these neuroeducation principles at scales while ensuring that people understand how to use them in a real-life context.