Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Time Management
Title: Go to bed at the same time Content: Going to sleep at the same time is a necessity. When you go to bed together, you’re promoting healthy relationship patterns.
Title: Find common interests Content: It’s important to really enjoy spending time together.You should have activities that the two of you look forward to doing as a couple. Whether it’s picking a new recipe to try every weekend or going for a run. Find something fun to do consistently together.
Title: Touch Content: Small gestures like holding hands or putting your arm around each other increases closeness, which is always a factor in the lives of happy couples.When you hold hands, you’re subconsciously reminding yourself that you care about each other. 
Title: Don’t nag pointlessly  Content: Happy couples emphasize the positive things that their partner does. This means that if something is bothering you, you have a real conversation about it. Nitpicking, nagging, or criticizing are not the way to someone’s heart.    
Title: Embrace affection Content: Before you leave for work in the morning, give your partner a really great goodbye kiss and say I love you. When you come home from a long day, do it again.People forget that the small things make a difference. When you begin your day with a loving gesture, you’re starting on a great note.
Title: Maintain the intimacy Content: Nothing beats the I-can’t-keep-my-hands-off-you-and-am-so-obsessed-with-you honeymoon phase. When the honeymoon phase is over, the passion doesn’t have to also disappear.Happy couples work to keep intimacy and romance alive in the relationship.
Title: Go out together Content: Having a date night is essential.Date night encourages you to keep the spark alive. As silly as it sounds, getting dressed up and going out, just the two of you, keeps the excitement strong.  
Title: Enjoy each other’s company Content: When you enjoy each other’s company, your relationship flourishes.Your significant other is someone you can talk to about anything, anywhere, anytime — so make sure you take advantage of that.
Title: Break routines Content: Your relationship shouldn’t feel like a routine. Your life as a couple should be unpredictable.Embrace spontaneity and surprise each other with fun new activities.
Title: Put your phones away Content: When you’re together, you should focus entirely on each other.Take a break from technology. Social media can all wait until the morning.@media only screen and (min-width : 500px) {.ethanmobile { display: none; }}