Personal Development,Learning & Education,Problem Solving
Title:  Content: "Learning is deeper and more durable when it's effortful... Learning that's easy is like writing in sand, here today and gone tomorrow."- Make It Stick: The Science Of Successful Learning
Title: Bring it back from memory Content: Retrieval is so effective is that it strengthens the neural pathways associated with a given concept.When you're attempting to recall an idea, method, or technique from memory, you're retrieving. Flash cards are a great example: They force you to recall an idea from memory, unlike a technique like highlighting where you're not burning anything into your brain.
Title: Connect new ideas  Content: ...to what you already know.When you try to put a new idea into your own words, you're elaborating.For example, if you're in physics class and trying to understand heat transfer, try to tie the concept into your real-life experiences, say, by imagining how a warm cup of coffee disperses heat into your hands.
Title: Interleaving: Varying your subjects Content: When you work on a variety of things at once, you're interleaving.If you're trying to understand a subject — from the basics of economics to hitting a pitch — you're going to learn better if you mix up your examples.
Title: Answer before you have an answer Content: When you try to give an answer before it's given to you, you're generating.In an academic setting, you could work finding your own answers before class starts. In a professional setting, you could supply your own ideas when you're stuck before talking with your boss.
Title: Evaluate what happened Content: When you take a few moments to review what happened with a project or meeting, you're reflecting.Reflective writing is super powerful. You might ask yourself a few questions: What went well? Where can you improve? What does it remind you of? Reflective writing to be super powerful.
Title: Mnemonics: Use hacks to recall Content: When you're using an acronym or image to recall something, you're using a mnemonic.Example: The hall of fame includes abbreviations — Roy G. Biv for the colors of the spectrum ( Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, Violet) — and rhyming, like "in 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue."