Health,Food
Title: Intermittent fasting... Content: ...is an increasingly popular eating pattern that involves not eating or sharply restricting your food intake for certain periods of time. It may boost your health.However, fasting can be dangerous if not done properly.
Title: Popular regimens of fasting: Content: The 5:2 Pattern:restrict your calorie intake for two days per week (500 calories per day for women and 600 for men). The 6:1 Pattern:similar to the 5:2, but there’s only one day of reduced calorie intake instead of two.“Eat Stop Eat”:a 24-hour complete fast, 1–2 times per week.The 16:8 Pattern:only consuming food in an eight-hour window and fasting for 16 hours a day, every day of the week.
Title: Keep fasting periods short Content: Longer periods of fasting increase your risk of side effects, such as dehydration, dizziness, and fainting.The best way to avoid these side effects is to stick to shorter fasting periods of up to 24 hours — especially when you’re just starting out.
Title: Eat a small amount on fast days Content: Eating a small amount on fast days rather than cutting out all food may reduce your risk of side effects and help keep hunger at bay.If you want to try fasting, restricting your calories so that you still eat small amounts on your fast days may be a safer option than doing a full-blown fast.
Title: Stay hydrated Content: Mild dehydration can result in fatigue, dry mouth, thirst and headaches — so it’s vital to drink enough fluid on a fast.During a fast, many people aim to drink 8.5–13 cups (2–3 liters) of water over the course of the day. However, your thirst should tell you when you need to drink more, so listen to your body.
Title: Keeping busy with low-intensity activities Content: ...such as walking or meditating, may make your fast days easier.Avoiding eating on fast days can be difficult, especially if you are feeling bored and hungry. One way to avoid unintentionally breaking your fast is to keep busy.
Title: Stop fasting if you feel unwell Content: You may feel a little tired or irritable during your fast, but if you start to feel unwell, you should stop fasting immediately.Some signs that you should stop your fast and seek medical help include tiredness or weakness that prevents you from carrying out daily tasks, as well as unexpected feelings of sickness and discomfort.
Title: Healthy eating Content: Eat enough protein: Having enough protein during your fast may help minimize muscle loss and keep your appetite in check.Eat plenty of whole foodson non-fasting days: This may improve your health and keep you well during a fast.
Title: Keep exercise mild Content: If you’re new to fasting, it’s best to keep any exercise to a low intensity — especially at first — so you can see how you manage.Low-intensity exercises could include walking, mild yoga, gentle stretching, and housework.
Title: Fasting isn’t for everyone Content: The following shouldn’t attempt to fast without consulting a doctor:People with a medical condition like heart disease or type 2 diabetesWomen who are trying to conceiveWomen who are pregnant or breastfeedingPeople who are underweightThose who have experienced an eating disorderPeople who have problems with blood sugar regulationPeople with low blood pressureThose who are taking prescription medicationsWoman with a history of amenorrheaOlder adultsAdolescents