Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Communication
Title: Control your breath to better control your anger Content: When you feel anger, try controlling your breath. This will result in your entire body instantly calming down. Remember, anger can never prove productive.
Title: Magical phrases to fight your anger Content: Whenever you feel angry, try repeating certain phrases that you know for a fact that will calm you down. If you do not have them already prepared, take a few minutes during a normal day to think about what these phrases could sound like.
Title: Fancy a happy place to keep your anger under control Content: Fancying a happy and calm place whenever you are angry helps you deal better with the negative feeling. Furthermore, focusing on both your breathing and your environment has a positive effect on your mood and allows you to relax.
Title: Moving calms you down Content: It is a well-known fact that if you feel upset or angry doing slow movements can help a great deal. Therefore, try calming down by taking walks or just standing up from your chair in order to go to the other corner of the room- you might  be well impressed by the outcome.
Title: Fight your anger Content: There are at least a few ways to successfully fight your anger, if you really want this. Therefore, keeping a realistic image of the facts, speaking up your mind when upset or trying to lighten up a bit the atmosphere while in an argument can prove extremely useful to your mood.
Title: Change your mind  Content: One efficient way to calm down after an argument is to change your environment, as this will most certainly also result in a change of mind.
Title: Find the proper solution to calm your anger Content: Whenever you notice that there is something in your everyday life that makes you feel constantly annoyed, take a second to figure out where it all comes from. Once you have this figured out, it is easier to think about a proper solution to solve the issue.
Title: Positive thinking and help can go a long way Content: If you come to realize that you have an issue of anger, try focusing on what is positive on your life. Moreover, if this does not work, try alternative solutions, like going to a specialist. Remember that in the end it is all about getting back on your feet and feeling good with yourself.