Teamwork,Communication,Career,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Conflict with bad coworkers Content: Having a bad coworker can really hamper your mood over the long haul, as well as your job performance.How you deal with that conflict could very well be the difference between having a good job and having a bad job.
Title: Accept and Acknowledge Personality Differences Content: Small tics will be magnified and personality differences lead to varying work styles, which can easily turn into conflict.Conflict can even arise from something as simple as you desiring a quiet lunch period, while your coworkers like to socialize. These types of things are simply differences in how you work or socialize, and don’t necessarily make your coworkers bad.
Title: Know the Pros and Cons of the Work Culture Content: Some work cultures are notoriously demanding and competitive, which can obviously lead to a lot of conflict.In a sales environment where folks are competing for commissions and bonuses, it’s understandable that not everyone would be over-the-top friendly with each other. You should consider whether you might be misinterpreting behavior or overreacting to it.
Title: Be kind Content: Most conflict arises because people's egos are threatened. Our work is directly connected to our livelihood; if it’s threatened, we’re likely to lash out.Try to be kind. Your kindness may very well help them realize and be a little ashamed of their own poor behavior, and the situation may not have to escalate to a point of even needing to confront it.
Title: Try Avoidance Tactics Content: Move desks/cubicles. If you’ve got a cubicle neighbor who’s annoying you, move desks.Rearrange your schedule.Maybe you can shift your entire workday by an hour or two.Ask about working remotely, from home a couple days per week, or even simply in a nearby coffee shop.Change teams. This tactic is a little more extreme, as it could functionally mean changing your job
Title: Resolve the Conflict at the Source Content: Especially if your conflict with a coworker is personal in nature rather than related to the work itself, you may need to approach them directly with whatever your issue is.In most cases, people aren’t malicious, and they’ll respect your direct approach.