Personal Development,Career,Health,Teamwork
Title: You Dread Going to Work Content: While it’s normal to have qualms about the work day, if you truly, deeply dread those eight hours at the office, it is time to move on.
Title: You’re Procrastinating  Content: And you do it more than your actual job. If there’s nothing you find engaging about your day-to-day work, you should consider if your current position is really a good fit for you.
Title: It’s Taking a Toll on Your Health Content: Are your sick days adding up, out of the blue?Are you taking as much time off as you can possibly get?Are you resorting to a few (or many) glasses of wine each night to get over a bad day at work?Are you working so many hours you have no time to exercise, eat healthily or get enough sleep?
Title: No Room for Advancement Content: Committing your time and energy to a company that won’t support the progress of your career, or grow with you, will end up hindering the development of your career in the long run.
Title: The Work Environment Is Negative Content: A negative environment is toxic; if your co-workers are constantly complaining, and your boss is persistently unhappy, the probability of your own contentment is extremely low.
Title: You’re Being Recruited Content: Are headhunters reaching out to you?If so, that’s your green flag to move on, if you’re unhappy with your current work environment.
Title: Your Job Doesn’t Speak to You Content: Career-changers are becoming more and more common in this day and age, and you shouldn’t feel stuck on a career path that you don’t connect with.If you’ve lost your passion for your job, open your mind to other opportunities that do speak to you, and start moving in a direction that you genuinely feel passionate about.
Title: Justifying Your Job Content: "My co-workers are nasty and condescending, but at least my salary is decent.""I don't make any money but at least there's free coffee and snacks in the office."Do you feel deep down you know the cons outweigh the pros? You can find a job that offers more positive than negative, and you should get ready to start looking for it.