Love & Relationships,Communication,Personal Development
Title: The right place for your first rendez-vous Content: When choosing the right place for your first date, take into account the risk that things might not work miraculously well from the first try. Therefore, better go for simple places, like pubs, for which you do not have to save one entire month of salary in order to afford the dinner or the clothes.
Title: Keep the conversation going Content: If you are planning your first date with somebody, make sure to pay a special attention to the topics you want to engage in throughout the date. Keep the conversation smart and the exchange of experiences alive.
Title: Shape your mindset Content: When going on a first date, make sure your mindset is a positive one, no matter what your previous dating experiences felt like. Embrace the fear of a possible failure while hoping for a pleasant outcome.
Title: Turn past experiences into valuable lessons Content: When preparing for a first date, try to think about whatever went wrong on your previous dates. Once you have those memories back, turn them into lessons that can help you improve and show your best self. 
Title: Paint the best picture of yourself Content: Whenever you present yourself for a first time to another person, make sure that they have exactly the image that you want them to have of you. Ask for your friends' help if necessary, as they are probably the persons who know you the best.
Title: Body language on a date Content: Your body language can say more about you than your words will ever. Therefore, make sure that the other one understands exactly what you want him or her to understand when you are on a date by taking into account the following techniques: mirroring, fronting and leaning.
Title: Arose your date's interest Content: Making sure your date perceives you as being intelligent is a great way to ensure the success of the future relationship. So do not step back from showing to your date how curious you are whenever they bring on a topic you know nothing about. On the other hand, do not be afraid of telling tell stories about your passions. Make them realize just how interesting your can be!
Title: Compatibility in a relationship Content: While everybody is familiar with the fact that the opposites attract, it has been  many times now stated that having a partner who does not possess the same traits as you can actually enable your relationship to strengthen. Therefore, do not feel afraid to try being with somebody who is so very much different than you, as you might end up discovering that you two can pretty much make a great team by completing each other.
Title: Keep the fire burning Content: Keeping the fire burning in a relationship is related to the attraction the partners feel for each other, at all levels. One great piece of advice would be to make sure you are self-confident both for your relationship's sake and for your own. Self-confidence and self-compassion make a great team whenever combined. 
Title: Make your own destiny Content: Whenever it comes to relationships, nothing is ever sure. When met with failure, most individuals tend to take it as something dramatic, that they cannot change. However, research has shown that one can indeed create his or her own destiny, by setting certain rules and playing by them. And sometimes the result is just fascinating to see.
Title: Build trust in your relationship Content: All relationships should be based on trust above everything else. Research has shown that one sure way to build trust in a relationship is by sharing the same taste in food as your partner. You might want to give it a try, as it has seldom proven wrong. 