Personal Development,Habits,Business,Productivity
Title: To be average in today's world Content: Is to spend more than half of your work day in a semi-conscious state, in-and-out of focusto be addicted to technology, stimulants, unhealthy eating, and distractionto lack purpose in your lifeto be apatheticto not really believe in anything with enough conviction to sacrifice for it, invest in it, and fight for it.
Title: Being in a peak state Content: ... means you’re operating at the level you want to be, so that you can achieve ambitionsbeyond anything you've done before. You can reach this state by:Getting your body moving and breathing deeply (some of the easiest ways to get into a peak state).Listening to music that motivates you.Giving a genuine compliment or being kind to someone.Learning and expanding your mind.
Title: Morning rituals  Content: They are what triggers a peak state.The core purpose for having a morning routine is to put yourself into a peak state in the morning — so you can then operate from that state for the rest of your day.Rather than being reactive, addicted, and unconscious in your morning — it’s far better to proactively put yourself in a peak state in a ritualistic manner.
Title: Deciding to live differently Content: When you make a definitive decision to live differently,you need to continually re-create the experience that spawned the decision,becausethere will be resistance to your living out that decision.You need to act consistently from the peak state that formed your decision. So, you need to develop a routine of regularly getting yourself into a peak state.
Title: Invest yourself in your decision Content: This investment is almost always what triggers a "point of no return moment".It’s that point in time when a person becomes truly committed.Once you make an investment in your decision, you solidify your new identity. Your role changes. You become a leader of the cause you’re about.
Title: Reach out to the right people Content: If you’re striving to do something big, you will not be able to do it alone.Reach out to the right people.People who won’t let you fail. Or, who will at least give it to you straight when you’re going the wrong direction. And you will go the wrong direction, from time-to-time, because egos, money, time, and other things are on the line.
Title: Fight for the decision you've made Content: Because no one care about your success more than you do. Most of the people around you will hold you to a lower standard - they are too busy with their own goals to care about yours.Hence, you need to put people around you who will hold you to the standard of your decision, or an even higher one.