Career,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Questions for the Important Traits Content: Grit- ask on how determined a person in pursuing his dreams.Rigor- ask if there was a time he considered a data to make a decision.Impact- ask for what he have contributed to any organization and his inspiration.Teamwork- ask of his experiences on working with other people.Ownership- ask for a time when he experienced "injustice".Curiosity- Ask them something they have learned recently.Polish- observe on how they keep confidently calm and humble.
Title: When asking questions on the candidate's unique contribution.. Content: Probe: give me an example…Dig: who, what, where, when, why and how on every accomplishment or projectDifferentiate: we vs. I, good vs. great, exposure vs. expertise, participant vs. owner/leader, 20 yard line vs. 80 yard line
Title: Applying STAR questions Content: Situation-What's the background of what you were working on?Task-What tasks were you given?Action-What actions did you take?Results- What results did you measure?
Title: Is your candidate an adaptable learner? Content: Start with this question: What motivates you and what do you want to do next?Then ask:What have you started?How would you describe yourself in your own words?How would a colleague describe you in three adjectives?What current trends are you seeing in your profession?What new things have you tried recently?The last two questions will indicate that he is determined to learn something new.
Title: Culture Fit Content: is about finding people who share the high-performance work ethic and belief in the company’s mission. If they don't, then they aren't fit.
Title: Bust Bureaucracy Before It Starts Content: Let them shine first. Let the candidate share a project they are proud of to have a sense of what excites them.Then make them uncomfortable. Ask them about experiences or times when they were somehow out of control.Calibrate your results on how the interview went objectively, not subjectively.Watch out for signs of coachingif a person start quoting things from articles or something from your company.
Title: Criteria for Hiring the Best Product Manager Content: Intellectual abilityCommunicationLeadershipEffectiveness within the company cultureKnows what users wantStrategic/Analytical ThinkingTechnical backgroundEntrepreneurial spirit