Personal Development,Habits,Communication,Psychology
Title: Mental Toughness Traits Content: Professional athletes have five common traits, which make them mentally tough:Ego strengthLevel-headednessStress toleranceThoroughnessEnergy/persistence
Title: Ego Strength Content: Ego, generally considered an enemy, surprisingly can also be defined as a measure to handle setbacks, criticism and rejection.When our ego-strength is embraced and utilized positively, we genuinely believe in ourselves no matter what the circumstances. No rejection, loss or failure can destroy our will to keep going.
Title: Level-Headedness Content: Mental toughness is about keeping calm and level-headed while in situations that can make one emotional or make one’s heart pound. It is almost like a superpower if you are composed and ‘cool’ instead of giving a knee-jerk, emotional reaction.
Title: Stress-Tolerance Content: Any high-stakes situation tests our ability to deal with negative consequences in case of failure. If there is a huge risk involved and your decision or action can make or break the situation, there is an added stress that can paralyse you, in a critical time.Stoicism and mindfulness help us understand and avoid fear and undue worry, not letting the negative emotions cripple us.
Title: Energy/Persistence Content: Apart from time, which is limited, the biggest resource we have is our energy. It is our ability to perform and sustain activity over a period of time. From learning a skill to writing a book, everything requires energy and persistence. One also has to be resilient and consistent.Managing one’s energy simply becomes our most important daily responsibility.
Title: Thoroughness Content: While perfectionism is the enemy of efficiency in this fast-paced world, doing your job thoroughly is a trait of being tough mentally.What makes it special is that it is all more difficult where there are distractions, choices, alternatives and deadlines looming around us all the time.
Title: No Pain No Gain Content: To practice mental toughness the best way is to dive into action, challenging yourself, and becoming a better, more complete individual, letting go of fear, doubt and anxiety, all of which suck our energy.