Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Psychology
Title: Surrounded By Negativity Content: There seems to be negativity all around us, no matter where we go. Stress is part of our interaction with family, friends, coworkers or the world at large. Mainstream media and social networks aren’t helping either.Negativity in large doses, a staple diet of the metro cities, has many toxic effects like a decrease in motivation and performance, along with violent and dysfunctional thought patterns. Long term negative thoughts are associated with cognitive decline and other mental issues.
Title: Countering Toxicity: The Art Of Thriving Content: Thriving is a psychological state when one has a sense of growth, vitality, development, along with positive energy. People who thrive are never stagnated or feed depleted, but are healthy, resilient and focused.The inevitable stress, negativity and distractions are buffered in thriving individuals, who are confident and in control of the situation, rather than being in self-doubt or misery.
Title: How To Build The Thriving Muscle Content: Avoid negative consumption of news and media, and do not spend time with negative people.Watch your words, as what you say has a habit of manifesting. Saying negative stuff the whole day aloud will ensure that positive energy is far away from your environment.Repeated negative exposure can be contagious, hurting us and others too. It is better to stay neutral, in the moment and adopt a growth mindset. One has to focus on what can be done, rather than playing the blame game.Practice gratitude to stack up the ‘positivity bucket’ and counter the negative energy. An attitude of gratitude makes us happier and stress-free, assisting us in achieving our goals.Manage your energy levels by exercising, having a nutritious diet, and getting plenty of sleep. Poor sleep is associated with a host of mental issues and can be detrimental to one’s thriving threshold.Seek positive relationships and people who energize you, make you laugh and smile, lifting your spirits.