Mindfulness,Health,Mental Health,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: Chronic Masturbation can lead to social Anxiety!! Content: Social anxiety is a type of temporary psychological disorder that affects people that have a lack of exposure to social situations.🤔You see, keeping yourself busy with social obligations and learning the “rituals” of how normal humans behave, is going to instill a sense of confidence in your own behavior that is going to eliminate all problems related to social anxiety.\_(ツ)
Title: Nofap Can Help in Reducing Anxiety Content: Our bodies have evolved ways to help us out when we need to gain experience in an area that causes us pain.The main way that happens is by the act of sexual deprivation .You see, when your mind and body think that you are not sexually successful, all sorts of behind-the-scenes mechanisms activate.
Title: How NoFap helps in curing social anxiety Content: Here are just some of the ways engaging in the NoFap way of life can cure your social anxiety symptoms:You’ll be Hungry for Success One of the main ways how fapping to porn destroys your life quality is by making you feel like you are living a stable, happy, successful life. That is a delusion.That’s the byproduct of all t﻿he dopamine and serotonin that is released after you reach peak PMO .
Title: Can Nofap solve your Social aniexty?? Content: Yes and here's the how??Balanced Hormone Levels It is a well-known fact that masturbating can increase your prolactin levels. Prolactin can cause all sorts of hormonal problems – in severe cases, it can even lead to lactation, since that is the main function of the hormone.A Chinese study is the main inspiration behind the NoFap movement) has found out that testosterone levels increase by 45.7% after 7 days of masturbation abstinence.
Title: How Nofap can cure social anxiety Content: No More Brain Fog Similarly to the previous point, getting your hormones in check is going to do wonders for your mental clarity.Combine NoFap with a proper diet and exercise routine, and you’ll be looking at triple-digit gains in your cognitive functioning levels.
Title: How NoFap Cures social anxiety Content: When you would be rewiring your brain during nofap abstaining from sexual images and p********** it will also help you to understand that what you were watching was not real.You’ll be Solving Real-World Problems Video games, pornography, and mindless internet browsing truly are digital cancer.
Title: Learning Problem-Solving Skills About Problems That Don’t Exist. Content: The more time you spend doing something, the better you are going to become at it. This is Mastery 101.Playing video games is going to make you a better video game player. Do video game players get chicks?Watching pornography makes you a porn-watching enthusiast. Do you want to know the porn stars’ names and meet them at conventions? Maybe if you are lucky you’ll be able to take a photo with them?Reading useless, junk-tier news is going to make you good at reading news stories written for people with short attention spans. The more trivia you read, the worse your reading endurance is going to be.
Title: Sexual Exhaustion is the Leading Cause of Social Anxiety Content: If you haven’t already, you should definitely check out my article on the cons and symptoms of general sexual exhaustion .But in essence: the LEADING cause of social anxiety is not your genetic makeup or the size of the town you grew up in.It’s all about you suffering from a severe case of sexual exhaustion.Do you think your ancestors had social anxiety when they went to battle? When they conquered new lands? 
Title: How do You know When Social Anxiety is Gone? Content: It can be difficult to know if you’ve been completely cured of your social anxiety symptoms.The reason why it can be hard to tell, is that many people spend the majority of their lives suffering from social and generalized anxiety. That means that even if they are cured, they may not know how life feels when you are not suffering from social anxiety.In a nutshell, you’ll know when you’ve cured your social anxiety because you will feel more at ease in social situations. You will not feel dread from going out or talking to strangers. Approaching girls is going to be easy, and you’ll be able to hold strong eye contact with anyone – including your boss. People with social anxiety also tend to feel tired after going out – when you cure your social anxiety, you won’t have that problem.Going out will make you feel better and more rested.
Title: When Does Anxiety go Away with NoFap? Content: The timeline for curing anxiety with NoFap depends solely on you.There is no guaranteed minimum or maximum amount of days and weeks. If you work on yourself, push your comfort zone, and go out on a frequent basis, you are going to cure your anxiety symptoms in less time. Semen retention , combined with NoFap on hard mode is another thing that can speed up healing.
Title: What About NoFap and Panic Attacks? Content: A panic attack is a release of emotions and energy that happens to people that “bottle” up their emotions. Being anxious and not properly releasing the pent-up anxiety, can lead to a situation where you’ll have a spontaneous outburst of fear and emotions that you won’t be able to control.People that suffer from panic attacks often report a shortness of breath, blurry vision and lightheadedness. Some may even collapse if they are not sitting down.There are only two things that can prevent panic attacks: Learn how to release your anxiety and repressed emotions, so that you can function with semi-high levels of anxietyLearn how to cure yourself of generalized anxiety
Title: Are There Any Success Stories About NoFap Curing Social Anxiety? Content: The internet is full with guys posting about their success in using NoFap to cure their social anxiety. Here is a short compilation of various different success stories:You can browse around on this website as well as on others in order to find similarly successful stories of guys defeating their anxiety problems.
Title: Can the NoFap Flatline Cause Social Anxiety? Content: The NoFap Flatline happens 3-4 weeks after beginning NoFap, and is marked by having a low libido.Given that suddenly losing your sex drive may cause fear and stress, it is possible that the flatline can lead to relapsing or feeling social anxiety. It is possible that the flatline can frustrate you and cause you to socially withdraw. For most guys, social withdrawal from the flatline is not going to last for a long time, so you shouldn’t worry about it. The flatline doesn’t usually last for more than 1-2 weeks.
Title: Is There a Link Between Social Anxiety and ADHD? Content: ADHD (known as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) is a psychological disorder that is characterized by sudden bursts of energy, followed by not being able to concentrate on anything for more than a few minutes at a time.ADHD can be a career ruiner, as it can do a lot of damage to your academic studies. Not being able to finish reading a book is not something that is going to help your employment prospects.There is no direct link between social anxiety and ADHD, other than the fact that both disorders appear in people that are in some ways living a misadjusted lifestyle. ADHD is more problematic than social anxiety, as it has a larger genetic component, and may be formed by the environment a person grows up in. The more stimulation you’ve had as a child, the worse your ADHD symptoms are going to be.It is quite possible that you will always have a small degree of ADHD, even after feeling better from NoFap. The best you can do is to adjust for the ADHD symptoms, and try to break the cycle of the ever-increasing ADHD rate by raising your future children in a more natural, socially-oriented and outgoing environment.
Title: Can NoFap Cure ADHD? Content: NoFap has been shown to decrease the symptoms and problems caused by ADHD, so most probably it can help you as well.In most cases, NoFap is not going to be able to completely cure your ADHD – that is not possible as there are always several different factors that govern how “much” ADHD a person is going to have. Apart from NoFap, eating a clean diet, not consuming too many stimulants (like energy drinks) and getting enough sleep can drastically improve your ADHD.Pretty much no one has to suffer from debilitating levels of ADHD – that is treatable. What is not treatable is the likelihood that you’re going to have ADHD. It seems that some people are more resilient than others in this regard, which should motivate everyone with AHD to live life as healthily as possible.
Title: Can Social Media Cause Social Anxiety? Content: Yes, social media is a contributor to social anxiety and other disorders.Most people are simply unable to compete with the lifestyles other people show on social media, which can lower your confidence. Low confidence leads to social isolation, which will further amplify your SAD symptoms. It is recommended to block or cut down on social media if you want to treat your social anxiety.
Title: Can I still be Anxious After NoFap? Content: Yes, NoFap doesn’t work equally well on everyone, and some people do have other complications that make their social anxiety worse. Not everyone has the same levels of social anxiety.You shouldn’t lose hope in curing your anxiety, as NoFap may just be one step in the right direction for you. At the very least, NoFap is going to partially cure your anxiety symptoms, and is going to give you the motivation and confidence needed in order to continue on the path to find further remedies for social anxiety.It is highly improbable that you are going to find a better cure for any psychological disorders if you masturbate to porn. PMO is the biggest motivation killer in existence.
Title: Can NoFap Cause Worsen Social Anxiety? Content: Some guys worry that doing drastic changes, like NoFap, can worsen their social anxiety.Interestingly, this is true to some degree. In the first few days of NoFap, you may feel worse, as your mind is still adjusting to NoFap and the lack of dopaminergic stimulus, which can make you more aware of the stress you feel in your body.The only way through this is to continue with NoFap, as in a short period of time your anxiety is going to be on a far lower level than before starting NoFap. NoFap can cause you to have a better sense of the mistakes you’ve made in your life, which can increase anxiety, but that is the good type of anxiety – the one that is going to motivate you to progress with your life.Anxiety by itself is not a bad thing. Anxiety is what creates motivation. You do need to be anxious in order to spot your weakness, and then be strong enough to fix them.
Title: Can Relapsing Increase Anxiety? Content: Yes, relapsing while doing NoFap can increase your anxiety, because of several different factors.For starters, relapsing can make you feel regret, and regret always leads to anxiety. In some cases, regret can even lead to having repressed emotions, which can further complicate things. Other than that, relapsing makes you lose a portion of your NoFap benefits, which naturally means that your anxiety is going to start creeping into the levels it was before you started doing NoFap.Don’t worry though, as a single relapse is not going to do much damage. Binge relapsing is far more dangerous.
Title: Can NoFap Cure Extreme Cases of Social Anxiety? Content: Extreme cases of social anxiety are situations where people might even have trouble exiting their house.It is not known to which degree NoFap can “kill” this type of generalized anxiety, although it is certainly worth a try, as you have nothing to lose. Even if NoFap doesn’t cure extreme social anxiety, it can still make you feel better.
Title: Can NoFap Cure Brain Fog? Content: Yes, a clear focus and lack of brain fog are one of the first benefits that people on NoFap report.It is not known what causes brain fog, although one theory says that is a type of psychological laziness caused by overstimulation. In other words, masturbating to porn makes your mind believe that you’ve mated with the people you’ve seen in the porn videos, and that you now need to lie down and rest. Just as there is physical rest, there is psychological resting, which is what brain fog is.NoFap is the ultimate brain fog cure.
Title: Are Anxiety and Depression a Similar Thing? Content: Anxiety and depression are not the same thing, but they do share some similarities, and they do frequently appear together.Psychology is not a definitive science, and there are certain things that are not clearly defined. Even though depression and anxiety are different disorders, depression can often lead to anxiety and vice versa. The reason why this happens is that any disorder is going to disrupt your social functioning.There are high functioning and low functioning people. Any psychological disorder is going to lead you towards becoming a low-functioning individual, and once that happens, living successfully becomes close to impossible. Being unsuccessful can often lead to developing new disorders, which is why all psychological issues are intertwined.
Title: Can Porn Withdrawal Cause Anxiety? Content: Porn withdrawal is a set of symptoms that people feel once they abstain from PMO. Everyone on NoFap feels the effects of porn withdrawal to some degree.It is possible that the withdrawal from porn can cause acute anxiety, as it can be a difficult period. You shouldn’t worry about any anxiety from quitting porn, as this usually lasts for just 1-2 weeks, and after that, you are going to feel much better.
Title: What is the Best Treatment for Social Anxiety? Content: The best treatment for social anxiety is a combination of exposure therapy, NoFap, and becoming more socially aware.You need to put yourself out there, you need to talk to more people, and you need to improve your quality of life. You need to look good, dress well and exercise so that people are going to find your company enjoyable. You need NoFap in order to have the motivation and drive in order to do all the above-mentioned things.‏Source www.antidopamine.com 