Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Psychology,Mental Health
Title: What Being Vulnerable Really Means Content: Vulnerability is consciously choosing to freely express your thoughts, feelings, desires, and opinions regardless of what others might think of you.Vulnerability is showing your rough edges and a willingness to accept the consequences.
Title: Accept Who You Are Content: When someone admits they are bad at something, they will probably be more respected.Accept who you are, faults and all.
Title: Taking Responsibility Content: When you take responsibility for your problems, you're in control of the solution. When you blame others, you’re handing over control to someone else. And you cannot control them.  Taking up responsibility shows that you accept reality for what it is and set out to work with what you have.
Title: Telling Someone They’re Being Hurtful Content: Calling them out when they truly cross the line makes you vulnerable. You’re making your feelings and opinion about the other person known.
Title: Telling Someone You Appreciate Them Content: Telling someone you appreciate/admire/respect/love them, requires you to be vulnerable because their feelings might not match yours, which could change the dynamics of the relationship.
Title: What Being Vulnerable Is Not Content: Vulnerability is not a tactic to use on other people to manipulate them. The goal of real vulnerability is to express yourself as genuinely as possible.
Title: Emotional Vomit And Vulnerability Content: Emotional vomit is when you suddenly unload an inappropriate amount of emotions and personal history onto a conversation, usually to the utter horror of the person listening.People who do this often expect this act to suddenly fix their issues. But the point of emotional vomit is to make you aware of your issues, so you can deal with them.
Title: Power In Being Vulnerable Content: Genuine vulnerability represents a deep and subtle form of power. In order to become more resilient, more formidable, you must first show your flaws and weaknesses for the world to see. In doing so, they lose their power over you, allowing you to live your life with more honesty and intention.