Personal Development,Communication
Title: The Reason We Communicate Content: The essence of communication is to inform, influence, inspire, motivate, learn, socialize and build relationships. Communication makes possible persuasion, negotiation, and improved work delivery.
Title: Improving Your Diction Content: Your style of speaking, or writing, choice of words while conveying your idea, or point of view are very powerful components in communicating with effectiveness and purpose. The right word said the right way can make all the difference.
Title: Increase Engagement Content: Your words need to be interesting both in terms of content (what is being said) and delivery (how it is being said) to be able to draw the people towards what you are trying to say.
Title: Listening Skills Content: Active listening makes you a better communicator. If you haven’t listened properly, your response or feedback can be faulty. Your eyes and ears need to fully comprehend what is being said to be able to communicate better.
Title: Communicating With Emotion Content: Communicating with emotion, while sometimes useful,  can ‘taint’ or filter your content in unpredictable ways. Put your emotions under control while communicating.
Title: Being Relatable Content: It helps to relate with people, as it makes them naturally drawn towards you. This skill is essential in any work or social setting. Develop habits and skills that make you relatable and also approachable.
Title: Persuasion Content: Being able to persuade is an essential skill. Your ideas, without any convincing power can be worth nothing, even if they are good. This also helps people who are in a competitive environment.
Title: Objective Communication Content: Our bias, personal feelings, prejudice, and interpretations wreak havoc on our communication. Being objective means having an open mind and communicating with facts and figures.
Title: Being Inspiring Content: Your enthusiasm, energy, empathy and sincerity speak volumes and add to your verbal and non-verbal communication. Your actions too, speak louder than your words. Do the deeds and say the words that inspire others.
Title: Team Communication Content: If part of a team, ensure that the team communication is promoting productivity and togetherness, forging a sense of community and harmony.
Title: Follow-Up Content: This is one of the most neglected pieces of action, and is a must. Communicate to tie up the loose ends, get feedback, set reminders and move on to next things in the agenda. Follow-up also removes any lingering doubt in the other persons minds which may arise due to lack of communication.