Problem Solving,Personal Development,Learning & Education,Communication
Title: Tip 1: Read Only the First Sentence of the Paragraph Content: Writers often use it to convey the paragraph' subject.Note, however, that you may miss details, especially so in literature books.
Title: Tip 2: Skip to the Last Sentence of the Paragraph Content: It often wraps up the thought expressed and provides a connection to the next paragraph.
Title: Tip 3: Read Phrases Content: After skimming first and last sentences and deciding to read a paragraph, move your eyes quickly over each line and look for phrases and key words.Your mind will automatically fill in the words in between.
Title: Tip 4: Ignore the Little Words Content: Ignore small words like: it, to, a, an, and, be…
Title: Tip 5: Look for Key Points Content: You are probably already aware of the key words in the subject you're studying. Focus your time on the material around those key points.
Title: Tip 6: Mark Key Thoughts in the Margins Content: If the book is yours, mark key thoughts in the margins.Makes reviewing easier.
Title: Tip 7: Use All the Tools Provided - Lists, Bullets, Sidebars Content: Those normally contain key information.
Title: Tip 8: Take Notes for Practice Tests Content: Write important information asquestions alongside their page number so you can check your answers if necessary.These will serve as practice test.
Title: Tip 9: Read With Good Posture Content: Good posture helps you stay awake and read longer. If reading puts you to sleep read sitting up.
Title: Tip 10: Practice, Practice, Practice Content: Try reading quickly when you are not pressured with a deadline. Over time you will get faster.
Title: 10 Tips For Faster Reading Content: Read Only the First Sentence of the Paragraph: Often used to convey the paragraph' subject. In doing so you may miss details, especially in literature books.Skip to the Last Sentence of the Paragraph: It often wraps up the thought expressed and provides a connection to the next paragraph.Read Phrases: After skimming first and last sentences and deciding to read a paragraph, move your eyes quickly over each line and look for phrases and key words. Your mind can fill in the words in between.Ignore the Little Words: Ignore small words like it, to, a, an, and, be… Look for Key Point: if you are aware of the keywords in the subject you're studying. Focus your time on the material around those key points.Mark Key Thoughts in the Margins: Makes reviewing easier.Use All the Tools Provided: Lists, bullets  and sidebars normally contain key information.Take Notes for Practice Tests: Write important information as questions alongside their page numbers so you can check your answers if necessary. These will serve as practice test.Read With Good PostureI: Good posture helps you stay awake and read longer. If reading puts you to sleep read sitting up.Practice: Try reading quickly when you are not pressured with a deadline. Over time you will get faster.