Personal Development,Mental Health,Psychology,Teamwork
Title: Emotional intelligence (EQ) Content: EQ is the ability to be able to recognize and regulate your own emotions, while also empathizing with others and maintaining an awareness of their reactions.EQ can be developed with practice.
Title: Know thyself Content: Having a deep understanding of yourself provides you with more accurate perceptions of how you are coming across to others.To increase your self-awareness, make an effort to reflect on your strengths, developmental opportunities, triggers, values, and the like so that you are intimately familiar with what makes you tick.
Title: Be open to feedback and criticism Content: Weighing feedback can help you guard against blind spots. It can assist you in recognizing if your behaviors are having the effects you are intending.If they aren't, you can adjust your actions or apologize accordingly (or mindfully choose not to do either).
Title: Identify your feelings Content: Do this particularly when you feel yourself experiencing strong emotions. If a co-worker makes a comment that triggers you, make a mental note of what exactly it is that you might be feeling.It will help you to develop your emotional vocabulary and help you to take a step back from your reactions and engage the parts of your brain associated with problem-solving.
Title: Practice mindfulness Content: Mindfulness is paying attention on purpose ... and non-judgmentally, to the unfolding of experience moment to moment.By learning to observe your thoughts and feelings without judgment, you can increase your awareness of them with more clarity.
Title: Breathe deeply Content: If we can calm our body's reaction to our stress, the emotional component is mitigated.Nip your body's stress in the bud, and you'll find that your emotional stress will decrease accordingly. When you feel tense, breathe slowly and deeply, concentrating on letting the air flow in and out of your abdominal cavity.
Title: Question your stories Content: Instead of succumbing to a knee-jerk negative reaction when you become upset by someone else's actions, slow down and consider if there are other ways of explaining the situation.Even if you don't change your opinion regarding what happened, the additional time spent thinking about it may calm you down enough to opt for a more constructive response.
Title: Celebrate your positive emotions Content: People who experience more positive emotions enjoy better relationships and are more resilient in response to negative events.Be intentional about doing things that bring you joy. Practice gratitude, engage in acts of kindness, exercise and reminisce about positive experiences.
Title: Empathize Content: Emotionally intelligent people are skilled at putting themselves in other people's shoes.Consider situations from others' perspectives to better understand those around you. This increased insight will enable you to connect with them more effectively, and may even teach you something about yourself in the process.
Title: Make active-listening your priority Content: Deal with conflict more effectively by tackling issues head-on in an assertive, but respectful manner — all without defensiveness.By listening empathetically to the other person, you will also create the space for taking your own thoughts and feelings into account.