Personal Development,Problem Solving,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Acknowledging our ignorance Content: The modern world does not encourage people to admit when they lack knowledge or skills.However, when we don't acknowledge our ignorance, we limit our chances for personal improvement.
Title: The Dangers of Certainty Content: Although we are naturally curious as children, school teaches us that there is a specific set of facts to memorize and that we should not question these facts. If we don't know something, we're taught to guess.Once the curiosity has been driven out of us in school and we're moving into the workforce, we're even less likely to say we don't know.
Title: We feign certainty Content: We're afraid to admit when we don't know something for sure and expect not to see uncertainty in others. It can be disastrous.Consider the case in which a business spent hundreds of millions on an ineffective advertising campaign because they refused even to ask if it was working.
Title: Two Kinds of "I Don’t Know" Content: The defeatist mindset: When you admit you don't know enough to do a task and think someone else should do it. Here "I don't know" is an excuse for not completing a task and prevents you from learning new skills.A growth-driven mindset:When you admit that you don't know enough to do a task and respond that you don't know, but would enjoy the opportunity to learn. This attitude allows you to learn something new, possibly earn yourself a promotion, and open up more opportunities due to the new skill.
Title: A growth mindset Content: Acting on the growth-driven mindset requires the ability to see where you are now (what you don’t know), where you would like to be in the future (what you want to learn), and then forming a plan to get to your goal.Admit your ignoranceFigure out what you want to learnMake a plan to learn the skills or knowledge.Execute on the plan one step at a time
Title: Desiring a growth-driven mindset Content: The defeatist mindset is easy and natural: You don't have to do anything and can stay in your current position.The growth-driven mindset requires you to admit your shortcomings, and commit to a long-term plan. You may need to extend beyond your comfort zone.
Title: "I don't know" Content: Saying I don't know is an admission of power: You'll be wrong less often, and it will lead to more considerable improvement.If saying "I don't know" is too difficult, rephrase it terms of intellectual humility. "I don't know how to program" becomes "Learning to program is next on my list." But being truthful is really best because you don't have to maintain a facade of lies.