Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Jordan Peterson’s Road To A Better Future Content: Enlighten yourself and focus on the issues at hand, always aiming for a better future. By doing so before acting you can properly identify who and where you are and then find out what to do.
Title: Jordan Peterson On Goal Setting Content: If goals aren’t specified, the person will wander around in life with a dull ache of continued hopelessness and a vague sense of failure.Refusing to acknowledge an issue is an issue in itself and worsens that you wish to ignore. The pain from failing to begin is greater than the one for trying and failing. So, admit your failures, list your goals, act on them and keep track of your accomplishments to avoid that.
Title: Using Self-Criticism As a Life Improvement Tool Content: If you have your internal critic under control, use it to your advantage. The critic should look at internal and external imperfections and identify what can be fixed and what cannot.Most issues can’t be solved immediately. It can be tempting to skip this step, but persevere. Start small, be honest with yourself without being too harsh and act consistently, for the future is not determined.
Title: Jordan Peterson On Self-Criticism Content: We can’t ever know all the factors that led to an outcome and by comparing ourselves to others in any domain we do so as if we could. This arrogance leads to conclusions that are unrealistic, and too often detrimental to one’s self-esteem and sense of empowerment.Instead of comparing yourself to others, focus on improving your own life and making it as good as possible.
Title: Jordan Peterson On Personal Responsibility Content: We all contribute to the outcomes of life. Once we understand the outcomes, it becomes our responsibility to nudge them towards more stable and beneficial situations.Peterson believes our contributions can have one of two effects, it can either tilt the world up towards Heaven, or down towards Hell.
Title: Jordan Peterson On The Link Between Body And Mind Content: The human body telegraphs the state of its mind to the world. If a person slouches, they present themselves as defeated. However, if a person stands up straight, it means they may have taken a hit but are not defeated.Standing up straight means taking responsibility for oneself and willingly make the sacrifices necessary to generate a productive and meaningful reality. Doing so also implies to others you are capable of such.
Title: Dr. Jordan B. Peterson Content: Is a Canadian clinical psychologist, cultural critic, and professor of psychology. He has taught at Harvard and the University of Toronto and is an accomplished scientist on the psychology field.Dr. Peterson is currently one of the world’s most popular public thinkers and writer of the bestseller 12 Rules for Life.