Reading & Writing,Communication,Personal Development
Title: Writing And Priorities Content: If you feel too overwhelmed for writing, list your goals in order of importance. Maybe writing is not your top goal and you are wasting energy thinking you should do it because you haven’t realized it.If writing is near the top of your list, you need to decide what else can be let go. Get clear on your focus, say no to the things that are less important, and then follow through.
Title: Write For Just Fifteen Minutes Content: Professional writers rarely write for more than five or so hours a day because writing is mentally exhausting. This means you can get a lot done in a short amount of time.You might not have five hours to write, but almost everyone has fifteen minutes. To keep yourself focused as you write, consider writing with a timer.
Title: Stop Checking Email Content: Many use email as a to-do list, which leaves them reacting to life instead of living it according to goals.It’s difficult to write when you’re checking email every five minutes. Don’t check emails during your daily writing time.
Title: Lower Your Expectations (For Now) Content: It takes practice, time and some luck, to write a great story.Settle for a non-perfect story for now.When you sit down to write your first story, it might not be very good. But later, you’ll edit and rewrite it to make it better.
Title: Make It Social Content: Befriend other writers. Online forums, writing classes and local critique groups are good starting places.Share your writing, whether it is by sending it to a friend, posting on your blog, or self-publishing.Go to a writing conference to learn more about the craft and connect with other writersDon’t believe in the “loner writer” myth. Most writers have a network of creative people who inspire, encourage, and support them.
Title: Celebrate Progress Content: Many writers don’t celebrate when they succeed because they get too eager to pursue their next goal.To cement writing as a habit in your life, reward yourself each time you do it, celebrating the fact you are making progress, the fact that you are creating, celebrate that you are writing.