Personal Development,Health,Problem Solving,Science & Nature
Title: 1. The Loci Technique Content: Also known as “The Memory Palace, it consists of associating each item you’re trying to remember with a specific image and a place. You can imagine the items lying around in places that have a personal meaning to you.
Title: 2. Mnemonics Content: Acronyms, music (very effective) or rhyme, or sentences of words that start with the same letter as the items you are trying to memorize are all mnemonic techniques that help you to remember and retrieve information.
Title: 3. The Storytelling Technique Content: Stories encompass all the qualities of information that makes our brain love and remember it: vivid and colorful picture and engaging plotlines about other beings that are alive.By creating a narrative that is interesting to and include items you need to memorize, you create a story your brain can follow.
Title: 4. Chunking Content: Consists of grouping items together based on context or pattern that feels meaningful to you in order to remember them easier. Like grouping groceries list after the alphabet or by type of food.
Title: 5. The Building Technique Content: Consists of developing a deeper understanding of something and relating facts and concepts about it to each other in order to help you understand them better.This can be used in conjunction with other techniques and is ideal for more complex concepts or facts.
Title: 6. Repetition Content: For simple concepts and words, you repeating them up to 30 times helps memorization. Bigger things, such as speeches or job presentations, might require more repetitions.If possible try to understand the essence of what you are trying to memorize in order to avoid mistakes and hiccups if you forget words or mix up the order of your points.
Title: 7. Mind Maps Content: Best to breaking down longer text or multiple documents.Start by writing the central topic or idea you are trying to remember on paper, preferably expressed by one or two words. Then, connect  it to sub-topics with simple lines as they relate to each other. The further away from the main topic you are, the more in detail about the topic you get.
Title: 8. Lifestyle improvements Content: Improving your lifestyle might not give you an overnight boost in memory but it will have a positive long-term effects that potentializes other effective.Simple ways to improve your lifestyle are proper sleeping, healthy eating and consistently practicing exercises that elevate your pulse. These have been shown to
Title: Things You Don’t Need to Memorize Content: Our brains have limited power to remember and process things.To remediate that we can automate repetitive tasks using techniques like time blocking. This entails blocking off time on your calendar for fairly mundane tasks that happen in your life on a regular basis.Blocking off time on your calendar gives your brain permission to stop thinking about those tasks because the time to complete them has been allocated already.