Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Time Management,Problem Solving
Title: Failure As A Tool Content: If we look at the number of failures and setbacks in Elon Musk’s life, we begin to see why he is so successful.The Tesla and Space X CEO uses failure as a tool towards eventual success, if at all. It is a non-linear path to innovation, which involves starting from the first principle, which is obtained by breaking down all the unessential parts and getting down to the fundamental truth.
Title: Early Years Of Elon Musk Content: Right from childhood, Elon Musk preferred books over people, often devouring them at one go. He was an introvert and a deep thinker and began to gather deep insights about life and how to shape humanity and the future of mankind.Musk eventually developed a practical and efficient approach towards goals and carried the drive to follow through.
Title: Reaching Goals By Embracing Failure Content: Elon Musk shows the world how big, audacious goals can be achieved by dividing them into smaller milestones and embracing failure and negative feedback.His goals are not something he is doing for the media circus, but something in which he is emotionally committed. Goals work when they are bigger than ourselves, enhancing our commitment and responsibility towards them.
Title: Optimal Milestones Content: Most long-term goals are intimidating, and the mind can feel overwhelmed, resulting in demotivation. If the goal is too easy, the mind feels bored.The optimum state of productivity, known as ‘flow’ occurs when the activity in question is reasonably challenging, but not too hard. Slicing the larger mission into smaller milestones which have the right amount of challenge makes one enjoy the process and stay on track.
Title: The Necessity Of Failure Content: Failure is generally looked down upon but is necessary for success.Failure is a learning mechanism that eliminates what didn’t work and provides a clear path towards a way to achieve success.Fear of failure is what kills motivation, as we believe it is an outcome to avoid, and do not look at it as a tool to harness.