Time Management,Productivity,Psychology,Personal Development
Title: Procrastination is a lifestyle Content: 20% of people identify themselves as chronic procrastinators. For them, procrastination is a lifestyle, albeit a maladaptive one.It cuts across all domains of their lives. They don't pay bills on time. They miss opportunities for buying tickets to concerts.
Title: Not taking procrastination seriously Content: Procrastination represents a profound problem of self-regulation.There may be more of it in the U.S. than in other countries because we are so nice; we don't call people on their excuses ("my grandmother died last week") even when we don't believe them.
Title: Not a planning problem Content: Procrastinators are not different in their ability to estimate time, although they are more optimistic than others. Telling someone who procrastinates to buy a weekly planner is like telling someone with chronic depression to just cheer up.
Title: Procrastinators are made, not born Content: It is one response to an authoritarianparenting style.Having a harsh, controlling father keeps children from developing the ability to regulate themselves.
Title: Procrastinators drink more Content: It is a manifestation of generalized problems in self-regulation.That is over and above the effect of avoidant coping styles that underlie procrastination and lead to disengagement via substance abuse.
Title: Lies procrastinators tell Content: "I'll feel more like doing this tomorrow." Or "I work best under pressure." They do not get the urge the next day or work best under pressure.Another big lie is that time pressure makes them more creative. Unfortunately, they do not turn out to be more creative; they only feel that way.They squander their resources avoiding.
Title: Looking for distractions Content: Procrastinators actively look for distractions, particularly ones that don't take a lot of commitment on their part.Checking e-mail is almost perfect for this purpose. They distract themselves as a way of regulating their emotions such as fear of failure.
Title: Types of procrastinators Content: Arousal types, or thrill-seekers, who wait until the last minute for the euphoric rush. Avoiders, who may be avoiding the fear of failure or even fear of success; they would rather have others think they lack effort than ability. Decisional procrastinators, who cannot make a decision. Not making a decision absolves procrastinators of responsibility for the outcome of events. 
Title: Procrastination costs you Content: Health. Just over the course of a single academic term, procrastinating college students had such evidence of compromised immune systems as more colds and flu, more gastrointestinal problems. And they had insomnia.Procrastination has a high cost to others as well as oneself; it shifts the burden of responsibilities onto others, who become resentful. Procrastination destroys teamwork in the workplace and private relationships. 
Title: Changing behaviors Content: Procrastinators can change their behavior. It doesn't necessarily mean one feels transformed internally. It can be done with highly structured cognitive-behavioral therapy.