Money & Investments,Personal Development,Startups,Marketing & Sales
Title: Getting Your Voice Heard Content: In the corporate world, employees need to communicate effectively for pitching ideas, and even to get one’s point across in meetings.This is an art in which one has to be intentional and pay a good amount of attention to one’s communication. One cannot be a rambler or overly emotional in that kind of setting.
Title: Speaking With Conviction Content: When we use words and phrases like: ‘I Think..’ ‘This is just a suggestion/idea, but..’ ‘Like, you know..’... ... we end up downplaying our own ideas. We need to be more assertive and speak with conviction.
Title: Speaking With Intention Content: By speaking clearly and maintaining eye contact, we can use words to hypnotize the audience. Even our pauses in between our words can be used to gather our thoughts and make the listeners reflect on what you have just said.
Title: Make Your Speech A Conversation Content: Instead of boring, dull monologues, make your speech into a conversation, with greater interaction, questions and talking points that engage the listeners.  Let people participate in what you are saying, and they will remember your words.
Title: Preparing For Your Speech Content: Before pitching an idea, practice in front of a mirror or record your voice to help you iron out any problems beforehand.Take the help of a colleague and anticipate what kind of reactions and questions the listeners may have.
Title: Speech Delivery: Getting To The Point Content: Time is precious, so it pays to hook the audience with the main idea and give them a strong reason to continue listening. Your colleagues may be already overwhelmed with deadlines and demands made by others and will appreciate your clarity and brevity.Delivering a new idea when everyone already has multiple deadlines to meet and zero bandwidth to process anything new will not be effective. Ensure that the listeners are not mentally occupied or feeling rushed about something else while you pitch your idea.
Title: Speech Delivery: Don't Get Loud Content: Your volume is not as important as you think and even speaking in a relatively quiet voice has a hypnotic effect on the listener. People also have to stop talking to be able to listen to your quiet voice, and it is a proven fact that a whisper gets more ears than a shout.
Title: The Lost Art of Active Listening Content: The lost art of listening actively and with patience is to be revived.We all are already fighting with the voices in our heads and also to make ourselves heard, that we overlook the importance of listening carefully and attentively.
Title: Body Language During A Speech Content: Be attentive of how you sit or stand, and avoid slouching, crossing your arms or looking here and there. Use hand gestures and project a confident, positive image. You can also try to mirror the body language of the person you are talking to, to build trust.
Title: Self-Confidence And Public Speaking Content: People can recognize confidence in the voice of others, as they can infer nervousness. One can practice breathing exercises and come into the right frame of mind, while making it quieter and more focused.Believe in yourself and it will show in your speech.