Problem Solving,Reading & Writing,Learning & Education,Productivity
Title: Note Taking - Starter Tips Content: Preparation steps before a note-taking session:Try to get familiar with the topic that is going to be discussed, beforehand. This leads to better understanding. Make sure you have adequate notepaper and writing material.Stay hydrated and consume caffeine moderately.Don't go in hungry, opting for a wholesome snack.Have apositive attitude, and a willingness to pay attention.If something is getting repeated in class or is indicated to be important, pay attention.
Title: Outline Method Content: Taking a structured approach to note-taking is the best way. Put the outline notes by choosing four or five key points of the lecture, followed by in-depth sub-points.One way to review is to use the Cornell Method, which divides the note sheet into three sections:Cues: It includes key questions and main points. Notes: Which you write during the class using the outline method.Summary: Which you can write after class while reviewing.
Title: The Mind Map Content: The mind map is a visual diagram of abstract concepts.It works best in subjects like chemistry, history and philosophy, subjects having a neural network like interlocked and complex topics.
Title: Slides and Bullet Journaling Content: Simply Write on PPT Slides:An easy method to take notes is to just write on the slides of the presentation. The PPTs have note-taking space in them and if you are able to get them in advance, the whole process becomes simple.Bullet Journaling:Turn a blank page into a beautiful representation of your thought process. You can go crazy and include mind maps, flow notes, colorful design styles, making the note-taking process a delight, and learning in the process.
Title: Using a Laptop Content: Using a laptop is not an ideal way to take notes or to learn, during a lecture.A laptop distracts and impairs the learning process, as you might be tempted to play games or multitask with it during lectures.In the old-school hand-written method, you are processing the information, leading to better understanding and learning.How you use the computer also matters, and many students can use the internet to learn or re-check information on the fly.