Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication,Problem Solving
Title:  Content: “The least important things, sometimes, my dear boy, lead to the greatest discoveries.”- The First Doctor, The Space Museum (1965)
Title:  Content: "Logic, my dear Zoe, merely enables one to be wrong with authority."- The Second Doctor, The Wheel in Space (1968)
Title:  Content: “A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points, but it is by no means the most interesting.”- The Third Doctor, The Time Warrior (1973)
Title:  Content: “The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. They don’t alter their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views.” The Fourth Doctor, The Face of Evil(1977)
Title:  Content: “There’s always something to look at if you open your eyes.”- The Fifth Doctor, Kinda (1982)
Title:  Content: “Small though it is, the human brain can be quite effective when working at full efficiency.” - The Sixth Doctor, The Two Doctors (1985)
Title:  Content: “Every great decision creates ripples, like a huge boulder dropped in a lake. The ripples merge, rebound off the banks in unforeseeable ways. The heavier the decision, the larger the waves, the more uncertain the consequences.” - The Seventh Doctor, Remembrance of the Daleks (1988)
Title:  Content: “I love humans. Always seeing patterns in things that aren’t there."- The Eighth Doctor, Doctor Who(1996)
Title:  Content: “Never give up. Never give in.” - The War Doctor, The Day of the Doctor(2013)
Title:  Content: “Time travel is like visiting Paris. You can’t just read the guidebook, you’ve got to throw yourself in. Eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double and end up kissing complete strangers.” - The Ninth Doctor, The Long Game (2005)
Title:  Content: “Some people live more in 20 years than others do in 80. It’s not the time that matters. It’s the person.” - The Tenth Doctor, The Lazarus Experiment (2007)

Title:  Content: “The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. Hey. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice-versa, the bad things don’t necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.” - The Eleventh Doctor, Vincent and the Doctor (2010)
Title:  Content: “Do you know what thinking is? It’s just a fancy word for changing your mind.” - The Twelfth Doctor, The Zygon Inversion (2015)
Title:  Content: “We’re all capable of the most incredible change. We can evolve while still staying true to who we are. We can honour who we’ve been and choose who we want to be next. Now’s your chance! How about it?”- The Thirteenth Doctor, The Woman Who Fell to Earth (2018)