Health,Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity,Problem Solving
Title: Benefits of taking time off  Content: People who create a proper work-life balance experience less work-related fatigue, lower rates of procrastination, and even better mental and physical health.Time away from work improves problem-solving skills and improves creativity.
Title: Taking time off Content: It may seem counterintuitive, but the best way to get the most from a day off and feel rested and restored for coming back to work is to do more with your time, not less.Binge-watching TV can make you feel more anxious, stressed, and impact your sleep.
Title: Do nothing (on purpose) Content: Purposeful idleness is no small task. A few tips:Start with small sessions and take the time to build up your endurance.To help you do nothing, keep your devices out of reach (or out of the room) and re-orient your furniture away from the TV and out a window.Try open-ended toys or games like kinetic sand that promote idleness.
Title: Engage in “Deliberate Rest” Content: It meansengaging with restful activities that are often vigorous and mentally engaging.Deliberate rest activities help you relax and recharge as they focus on something tangential (or completely unrelated) to your work. Examples: playing chess, painting, editing photos, etc.
Title: Tasks you;re putting off Content: Committing to crossing one of them off of your to-do list on a day off can improve your overall well-being.Whether you’ve been putting off answering an email, calling a friend, writing up your personal budget, or anything else, a day off is a great time to catch up.
Title: Do nothing (on purpose) Content: Too many of us equate doing something with being busy. We don’t need to fill every moment of our lives—both at work and at home—being productive.Engaging in doing nothing can help you be more creative. It can also make you more productive and focused when you return to work as you’ve had time to get out of your head, disconnect, and see the bigger picture.
Title: Engage in “Deliberate Rest” Content: Deliberate Rest means engaging with restful activities that are often vigorous and mentally engaging.For example, Winston Churchill and Victor Hugo painted while Leo Tolstoy played chess.
Title: Catch up on that one thing Content: Most of us put off tasks that stress us out.Unfortunately, this avoidance kicks off a cycle of procrastination that just causesmore stress.Instead, committing to crossing one of them off of your to-do list on a day off can improve your overall well-being.