Health,Food
Title: The Keto diet - documented uses Content: The keto diet is primarily used to help reduce the frequency of epileptic seizures in children. While it also has been tried for weight loss, only short-term results have been studied, and the results have been mixed. We don't know if it works in the long term, nor whether it's safe.
Title: Ketogenic diet Content: Unlike other low-carb diets, which focus on protein, a keto plan centers on fat, which supplies as much as 90% of daily calories. The keto diet aims to force your body into using a different type of fuel. Instead of relying on sugar (glucose) that comes from carbohydrates (such as grains, legumes, vegetables, and fruits), the keto diet relies on ketone bodies, a type of fuel that the liver produces from stored fat.
Title: Keto diet meals Content: Followers must eat fat at each meal:Some healthy unsaturated fats are allowed: almonds, walnuts, seeds, avocados, tofu, and olive oil. But saturated fats from oils (palm, coconut), lard, butter, and cocoa butter are encouraged in high amounts.Protein is part of the keto diet, but it doesn't typically discriminate between lean protein foods and protein sources high in saturated fat such as beef, pork, and bacon.You can have certain fruits (usually berries) in small portions. Vegetablesare restricted to leafy greens (kale, Swiss chard, spinach), cauliflower, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, asparagus, bell peppers, onions, garlic, mushrooms, cucumber, celery, and summer squashes.
Title: A ketogenic diet has numerous risks Content: It's high in saturated fat. It is associated with an increase in "bad" LDL cholesterol.Nutrient deficiency: deficiencies in micronutrients found in vegetables, fruits, and grains;Liver problems,because of the amount of fat to metabolize;Kidney problems. The kidneys help metabolize protein; the keto diet may overload them;Constipation. The keto diet is low in fibrous foods like grains and legumes.Fuzzy thinking and mood swings:the brain needs sugar from healthy carbohydrates to function.