Personal Development,Habits,Mental Health,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Stoicism Content: It is a school of philosophy founded in Athens around 300 B.C., and focuses on our psychological and emotional control we have on ourselves when faced with life’s different colours.Stoicism says that the path to happiness is found in accepting the present moment as it is, and not to let our mind, which may desire for pleasure, or might be fearful, to control us. It tells us to go with nature’s plan and treat others right.
Title: Grit and Stoicism Content: Grit is a form of perseverance and resilience mixed together, and helps us move forward in times of adversity. Grit is essential to achieving big goals and to handle the seemingly never ending obstacles and tough terrains of life.Combining Stoicism with Grit makes your mind invincible as you focus on the right thing no matter what happens, improving your performance and results in all aspects of life.
Title: Count Your Grit Content: When an obstacle, a mental block, or a difficult situation presents itself, we need to pay attention to that moment and power through it with awareness, counting the grit as a +1 credit on your grit counter. This is a mini-success in itself.It is easier when done slowly and steadily increasing your Grits daily.
Title: Hedonic Reset Content: Life, when lived normally, creates a base level of happiness. We tend to fall back on this level, no matter what happens. The secret is to reset this base level by doing a hedonic reset, stuff that appears comical and absurd, but helps you understand life and its true nature:Start only drinking water and nothing else for a while.Stop using your car and travel by foot instead.Sleep without a pillow.Stop using hot water to shower, and only take cold ones.
Title: The Trichotomy Of Control Content: It states that most external events are out of our control and the only thing we can control is our own thoughts and actions.If something is inside our control, we can take the necessary action and create the change we desire.If it is outside our control, then we can be indifferent about it.If it is partially under our control, we need to take affirmative action on what we can control.
Title: Internal Goals Content: Internalizing our goal setting makes us insulated from outside circumstances. It is an extremely powerful, effective and game-changing way to approach your goals.Example: If the goal is to write a best-selling book, it depends on external factors one cannot control. If the same goal is internalized and becomes ‘exquisitely crafting a book that expresses my vision in a unique way by writing regularly’ then it comes under one’s control, and more doable.
Title: Negative Visualization Content: Most of us take our life and what all is been gifted to us for granted. This makes us ungrateful and used to what we have.By being aware of everything around us as temporary, we begin to appreciate what we have with us. If we spent five minutes counting our blessings and even imagining what would happen if we didn’t have our loved ones in our lives, or the things we love, we begin to understand its importance.
Title: The Best That We Can Do Content: By trusting the other person, giving them a benefit of doubt and keeping a calm and rational mind, we insulate ourselves from unnecessary worry. Even if someone does something wrong, understand that they did what they believed was right. This helps us make our lives less complicate.
Title: Criticism Content: We all tend to take criticism personally, and get emotionally triggered. A better way is to be objective, and take criticism as if it is towards a third person. Simply pausing after it is given to us, and asking oneself a level-headed question about it being true is another good way to overcome any stinging comment and learn from it.Any criticism is free advice for us to be even better than we are.