Communication,Teamwork,Love & Relationships
Title: 69% of managers Content: ...say they’re uncomfortable communicating with employees.And that number is significantly higher when the roles are reversed.
Title: Analytical communication style Content: An analytical communicator loves hard data, numbers, and specific language.They're usually wary of people who deal in vague language and strictly blue-sky ideas and get drained quickly when conversations move from logical to emotional.
Title: Working with an analytical communication style Content: Dos:Provide as much detail upfront as possibleSet clear expectationsGive them space to work independentlyDon'ts:Turning the conversation emotional;Framing feedback on their work as criticism.
Title: Intuitive communication style Content: Intuitive communicators thrive on big-picture ideas and broad overviews that allow them to skip directly to what’s most important.Linear order, step-by-step instructions, and deep dives into the details aren’t important.
Title: Working with an intuitive communication style Content: Dos:Stick to the main topic and keep it high-level;Be prepared to answer follow-up questions;Keep details to a minimum.Don'ts:Too many details;Taking their approach personally;Making too big promises (they’ll latch onto the big picture and ignore the details of how hard it might be to pull off).
Title: Functional communication style Content: Functional communicators love the process: step-by-step guides, details, timelines, and thought-through plans.When talking to someone else, they want to go through each detail from start to finish to make sure nothing gets missed or glossed over.
Title: Working with a functional communication style Content: Dos:Practice “active listening” by repeating what they’ve said and asking follow-up questionsExpect them to ask for details, even if you’re just brainstormingDon'ts:Rushing them to get to the end or make a decisionAssume they support an idea 100% (their criticism or feedback will often be on the steps, not the overall strategy).
Title: Personal communication style Content: Personal communicators value connection, relationships, and emotional language above all. They're good listeners and often can help smooth over issues that more hard-lined communication styles cause.When they dig into something, they care as much (or more) about the person saying it as what they’re saying.
Title: Working with a personal communication style Content: Dos:Keep conversations light and casualNot get offended if they ask how something made you “feel” or make a strictly work conversation personal.Don'ts:Talking down to them or being overly pessimistic;Try to contain the conversation to just stats and factsPressure them to do a deep dive into the details with you.