Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Wanting everything at once Content: Most people want to change themselves completely. The problem is wanting to do everything at once.Because this intense motivational boost can backfire — you shift from over-enthusiasm to total frustration. Achieving your goals requires building momentum, to progressively develop your capacity and strength.
Title: Success Content: It is a byproduct of self-discipline — it requires a method, not just a positive attitude.Rather than worrying about the end result, focus on how to make daily progress.
Title: Self-control is limited Content: Self-control is critical to developing new habits and overcome resistance.But by pushing ourselves too hard, we exhaust the mental muscles needed to stay focused, to avoid temptations, and to persist in the face of frustration or failure.
Title: The ‘change gap’  Content: It is thetension between the ‘current state’ and ‘desired state’ that creates anxiety and fear. Most people feel paralyzed — they focus on ‘the gap’ (how much they need to accomplish) versus on moving forward.
Title: The ten percent advantage Content: Focus on making small everyday progress.What is the 10% change that is going to move your life forward?If you aim for small gains, you won’t exhaust yourself. Making continuous progress will generate momentum; thus, building confidence and helping you focus on the ongoing success rather than on the ‘change gap.’
Title: Momentum is the antidote to inertia Content: Momentum is the force that something has when it is moving. It’s the strength that allows you to keep going — it grows stronger and faster with time.Momentum is when your preparation starts to make sense — your effort becomes visible in the form of achievements. Momentum is a rewarding and joyful feeling.
Title: Making progress  Content: ... ten percent at a time:Prioritize your first steps: focuson one or two things you want to improve.Keep change simple.No step is too small:focus on gaining momentum.Celebrate small wins:Acknowledging progress is vital to consolidate the momentum and keep yourself going.Focus on the gain, not on the gap:Focus on your daily 10%