Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Perfectionism Content: It can either propel you into serious action or paralyze your ability to accomplish even the most basic tasks. Often, those who struggle with perfectionism have issues giving up control. In them lies a deeply rooted fear of failure.
Title: Accept the outcome Content: If you’re struggling with the thought of submitting a task that you feel is less than perfect, create a list of the worst-case scenarios.Ask yourself what's the worst that can happen. You'll most likely find out that the only negative aspect is the continuous rumination that'llkeep you from finishing other important work.
Title: Shifting your perspective Content: The positive side of perfectionism is the idea that you possess the motivation and a level of detailed attention that is unmatched by many.The trouble happens, though, when you get so caught up in the details that you fail to see the bigger picture.
Title: Dedication vs. obsession Content: Being dedicated and thorough is not the same as being obsessive and ruminating.Entrepreneurs have a deep desire to offer their product or service to the world just as they imagine it. This type of vision and dedication likely contributed to them choosing this path. That’s a gift. But don’t conflate the bad with the good.
Title: Get things done Content: Getting something done is often more valuable than getting something just right. There is no point in being a perfectionist if your perfect work never sees the light of day.Think about the other tasks that need your attention but have been ignoredbecause of your obsession with a task that should have been done days ago.
Title: Give up control Content: One strategy to "cure" perfectionism is to purposefully delegate tasks that once paralyzed you. If you manage a team, this transition should happen smoothly.Think about this: you hired them because they already possess the knowledge and skills necessary to help your business succeed. Let them do their jobs, but also understand that mistakes are going to be made.