Personal Development,Philosophy,Problem Solving,Communication,Health
Title: Nietzsche And His School Of Thought Content: Nietzsche, a controversial German philosopher, fell out of favour due to his ideas about the ideal, superior man, described as the ‘overman’ who can and should foil the weaker man, were used by the Nazis.His ideas pertaining to nihilism form his most popular doctrines and philosophies.
Title: The Meaning Of Nihilism Content: Nihilism is the belief that all values are baseless, and there is nothing worthy to know or communicate. It is a philosophy of no belief, no trust, and having no purpose in life.
Title: Nietzsche On Friendship And Marriage Content: Nietzsche believed successful marriages are possible when there is a good amount of existing friendship. According to him, a woman's love has a built-in hatred towards that which is not loved, and both love and hate come together as a package.
Title: Madness According To Nietzsche Content: Madness was a subjective and relative term according to the German philosopher. He wrote about madness being found in prayer, love and a personal response towards life. A madhouse or asylum, according to him, was filled with people who were not really mad, but just like himself, different from what the society deems as normal.
Title: We Become What We Hate Content: Nietzsche observed that we start to become the person we focus on. We start to resemble our enemies and indulge in the very things that we hate in the other person, absorbing the thoughts and feelings of those associated with us.
Title: No Knowledge Is Certain Content: The No-belief ideology of Nietzsche provides a kind of cosmic scepticism, where everything is uncertain and even the concept of good and evil is subjective.Established moral theories were routinely questioned by the philosopher and many consider the doctrine as an important counterpoint to many of the practices and moral values taken for granted.
Title: The Value Of Truth According To Nietzsche Content: The controversial philosopher questioned whether people really want to hear the truth or are happy in their beliefs, assumptions and illusions, not wanting them to be crushed by inconvenient facts. Many people suffer from delusions and pretensions that have now taken up the place of reality and can turn hostile if faced with the bitter truth.