Habits,Exercise & Fitnesss,Food,Health,Meditation
Title: How Caffeine Affects Sleep🤔 Content: While I love the taste of coffee, let’s be honest: most of us, from college students to sleep deprived moms , reach for a cup when we’re facing an energy slump.Your favorite cup of coffee stimulates the production of both noradrenaline and epinephrine. That in turn starts what you’ve probably heard called the ‘flight or fight response, which raises your heart rate, blood pressure–and alertness.
Title: For Most Adults Content: For the average person, a cup or two of coffee shouldn’t impact your health or your sleep–provided you time it right. 200mg to 300mg or two to four cups of coffee is safe to consume. While rare, a caffeine overdose occurs at around 15 mg/L. To put it into perspective, an average person would need to down well over ten cups to reach those levels.
Title: If You’re Pregnant Content: According to the American Pregnancy Organization, pregnant women should limit their intake of coffee and energy drinks as much as possible: experts have recommended a maximum of as little as 150mg up to 300mg a day.(Looking for something to replace your morning or afternoon cup of joe? My go to is Pique Tea , with herbal flavors and all natural ingredients).
Title: If You Have Insomnia Content: Studies have shown that caffeine use and sleep duration are inversely correlated; in other words, higher levels of caffeine may be linked to sleeping less or waking up more.Because of this, you may need to trim down by a cup or two.
Title: If You’re Diabetic or Have High Blood Pressure Content: Those with diabetes need to be careful, because caffeine has been linked to lower insulin sensitivity and increased glucose levels, according to research published in the Diabetes Journal..
Title: Time it Right Content: You are my best ideas then how to sleep with caffeineExactly when it’s best to drink coffee depends on your chronotype, but there are a few rules of thumb.For one, resist drinking coffee right when you wake up: as we wake up, our cortisol levels are already high. Allow your body to naturally wake and get about 20 minutes ofsunlight on your face before your first cup. Also, drink at least 16 ounces of water when you wake up to replenish your body from sleeping before you drink coffee.For most, most people, I recommend cutting off caffeine by 2 pm assuming a normal morning wake up and evening go to bed cycle. If you work shift work, adjust your cut off time accordingly.
Title: Take a Nap A Latte Content: You’ve tried a typical latte, but chances are you haven’t tried my favorite napping hack: a nap a latte.Brew a cup of coffee; I take mine black, for maximum benefits. Then take a short 20 to 25 nap. Right as you’re waking the caffeine will just be kicking in and you’ll feel even more alert.
Title: Do A Coffee Swap Content: Not all coffee is equal, especially for caffeine levels. If you feel like you need to lower your intake, consider making some tweaks to your coffee order.Light roast coffee has higher levels of caffeine than dark roast coffee, and decaf has up to 90 percent less caffeine than regular brewed coffee.Here’s a handy chart of the caffeine levels in some of your favorite drinks, provided by Eleven Coffees:
Title: Wake Up Refreshed by Staying Cool Content: One culprit of waking up in the middle of the night? Becoming hot and sweaty.Partner and you can’t agree on a bed temperature?That’s okay. My solution is an affordable bed temperature controlling system like Chilipad — you’ll both stay comfortable and wake up without having to rely on caffeine to feel energetic.
Title: Take a Morning Stroll Content: Before you grab a cup of coffee, take a walk or run outside. Natural light exposure during the day helps regulate your wake-sleep cycle and just 15 minutes will also provide Vitamin D, which is important for sleep.