Personal Development,Time Management,Habits,Science & Nature,Product & Design
Title: Building a home with intention Content: If your house does not feel like a home, it is important to take a good look at how you've designed your house.The environment that surrounds you can greatly affect your mood, energy, and growth. A study found that a serene landscape mural significantly decreased stress levels of employees in a high-stress workplace.When you design your house with the intention of making it a place where you can grow and feel you belong, you can transform it into a home. In essence, a house is a physical living area, while a home is a space that lets you escape the noise of the outside world while nurturing your peace of mind.
Title: The purpose of each space in your house Content: When sprucing up your home, remember the purpose that each room serves. Focusing on your room's purpose will make your home cozier and meaningful. If you work on your living room, ask yourself:Will the layout help me entertain my family and friends?Will this sofa help me relax after a long day?
Title: The amount of light that enters your house Content: The amount of light in your home can promote your well-being by helping your body follow its natural circadian rhythm, making you more active and alert.Design features like translucent curtains, light wood flooring, and matte surfaces to invite more sunshine into your home.
Title: The impact of small details Content: Small design changes can make a huge impact in your life. Keeping an eye out for details can transform your living space and make you more comfortable at home. For example, switch out old door knobs, fix up mouldings, or get a new interior door. Paint a dull door with a calming colour like lilac or teal.
Title: Personal touches define our homes Content: While aesthetics and function are key elements of interior design, a home needs a few personal touches.There is no better way to help you stay on course than seeing lovely reminders you hold dear, whether it's framed pictures in the hallway or displaying souvenirs.