Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development
Title: Tailor your to-do lists Content: Usethe 1-3-5 rule when putting together her daily to-do list.On any given day, set ninegoals for yourself:one big-ticket project to tacklethreemedium tasksfive small things.Narrow down your to-do list to just those things.This keeps you from feeling overwhelmed by an endless list, and also helps keep you focused on just those items.
Title: Build good habits in two minutes Content: The “two-minute rule” has two parts.First, if something takes less than two minutes, do it now. Next, start building new habits for two minutes at a time. The rule for this is: When you start a new habit, it should take less than two minutes to do. The idea is to make your habits as easy to start as possible.Think of these “two-minute habits” as gateway habits that will lead to your overarching goal.
Title: Complete tasks in batches Content: It takes time to get into a rhythm to work on a task. Instead of constantly starting and stopping that process, it’s better to keep your rhythm going by bundling similar tasks together.By doing this, you avoid interruptions and prevents himself from procrastinating.
Title: Set a short timeframe Content: “If you don’t want to do something, make a deal with yourself to do at leastfive minutesof it,” says Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom. “After fiveminutes, you’ll end up doing the whole thing.”Getting started on something, even for just a few minutes, helps us break down big goals into baby steps.
Title: End with the beginning in mind Content: Instead of just randomly quitting a task, make sure you leave off at a place that will inspire you to get going next time you’re ready to pick it up.Before you finish work for the day, capture any open questions that you’re currently working on. Ask yourself: if you were to continue working, what would be the very next thing you’d do?Write those questions and the next thing you would do on a piece of paper.Determine what you’ll do first when you sit down to work again. This gives you an immediate starting point for the next day.
Title: Embrace procrastination Content: It creates artificial pressure that trains you to deal with real pressure during your career. Procrastinators have to learn to prioritize.Because you’re doing everything at the last minute, there’s no time to forget anything or re-study anything. Your knowledge is fresh and the pressure is on, so you’ll complete the task faster than you would have if you had done it earlier.