Personal Development,Teamwork,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Use assertive communication Content: Assertive communicationallows us to take responsibility for ourselves and our actions without judging or blaming other people.Emotionally intelligent people know how to communicate their opinions and needs in a direct way while still respecting others.
Title: Respond instead of reacting Content: The emotionally intelligent person knows how to stay calm during stressful situations.They don't make impulsive decisions and understand that in times of conflict the goal is a resolution.
Title: Utilize active listening skills Content: Emotionally intelligent people make sure they understand what is being said before responding.They also pay attention to the nonverbal details of a conversation. This prevents misunderstandings, allows the listener to respond properly and shows respect for the person they are speaking to.
Title: Be motivated Content: Emotionally intelligent people are self-motivated and their attitude motivates others.They set goals and are resilient in the face of challenges.
Title: Maintain a positive attitude Content: Emotionally intelligent people have an awareness of the moods of those around them and guard their attitude accordingly.They know what they need to do in order to have a good day and an optimistic outlook.
Title: Practice self-awareness Content: Emotionally intelligent people are aware of their own emotions and how they can affect those around them.They also pick up on others' emotions and body language and use that information to enhance their communication skills.
Title: Take critique well Content: Emotionally intelligent people don't getoffended or defensive when facing criticism.Theytake a few moments to understand where the critique is coming from, how it is affecting others or their own performance and how they can constructively resolve any issues.
Title: Empathize with others Content: Emotionally intelligent people understand that empathy is a trait that shows emotional strength, not weakness.Empathy helps them to relate to others on a basic human level and opens the door for mutual understanding between people.
Title: Utilize leadership skills Content: Emotionally intelligent people have high standards for themselves and set an example for others to follow.They take initiative and have great decision making and problem-solving skills.
Title: Be approachable and sociable Content: Emotionally intelligent people come off as approachable, because they give off a positive presence.They smile, have great interpersonal skills and know how to communicate clearly, whether the communication is verbal or nonverbal.