Habits,Reading & Writing,Productivity,Personal Development,Time Management
Title:  Content: It's not always easy to decide on a project and start working on it. We all need a bit of a push sometimes! Here are 9 tips that can help you get motivated to work on your projects.
Title: 1 | Be specific Content: Get familiarized with the details and the purpose of your project and why you’re doing it.Example: If you want to make your own herb garden, think about how that will help you, what plants will be better for you, how to take care of them, etc. After you have the details clear, it’s going to be easier to get motivated to do it, knowing what you need and why you want it. 
Title: 2 | Get inspired Content: Whatever your project is, you can probably find inspiration for it all over the internet! See what other people have done so you can get a better idea of how you want or don’t want it to turn out.Example: If you want to give your kitchen a makeover, look all over Pinterest for design ideas and product recommendations. Maybe you’ll find that little thing that will make you so excited to start your project! 
Title: 3 | Get organized Content: You can use apps and websites like Trello, Evernote, or Notion, or just grab your notebook or tablet and start drawing and writing down all of the steps that you need to do to complete your project. Dividing the whole thing into smaller parts will help you organize your thoughts and the tasks that you need to do.
Title: 4 | Create triggers Content: Creating a trigger is finding something else, maybe something that you already do every day, that will remind you and push you to work on your project.Example: If your project is learning a new instrument, you can make practicing a part of your routine, by doing it always right after you finish dinner. After some time, you won’t even have to think too much about it, because your body and mind have learned that this is what is time for now. 
Title: 5 | Make it easier Content: Think about your project, and figure out a few ways that you can simplify the process, maybe eliminating useless details, or not overcomplicating yourself with unnecessary steps.Example: If you want to film a video for your channel, make it easier to start by setting everything up the day before. That way, on the day of filming, you don’t have to worry about having everything ready or forgetting something. The fact that the process that day will be simpler, might motivate you to do it. 
Title: 6 | Set a goal Content: Setting a goal helps us visualize the finish line and makes us want it . Whether it’s choosing a deadline, or deciding on a number of things to do, having that clear ending to the project is a great motivator.Example: Maybe your project is decluttering and organizing your closet. Although doing that is actually the goal itself, you can start by choosing to declutter all of your tops in the next 2 hours. That way you can see a clear finish line and get motivated to reach it. 
Title: 7 | Figure out the next small step Content: Divide your project into smaller steps that are easier to do. Then you can just think about that one next step and work on that one alone. That will make the project seem much more manageable and it will in turn, motivate you to start.Example: If your project is finishing a book in two weeks, figure out how many pages you’ll need to read each day. Now you can only concentrate in that small number of pages, instead of looking at the whole book like a big project that takes a lot of time. 
Title: 8 | Keep in mind the reason why you’re doing it Content: Stop to think thoroughly about the reason why you want to work on this, and figure out the benefits you’ll get from it .Example: Deep cleaning the whole house is long and tedious but I know at the end, I will have a more comfortable space, a clean area for my family, and an organized home that makes me happy. 
Title: 9 | Decide to enjoy it Content: Even if this project is not your favorite thing to do, you can try to change your mindset into one that will allow you to make the best of the time you spend doing it .We don’t have to love every single thing we do, but if we decide to do things with a good attitude, we’ll be better motivated to do them. 