Career,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: The online job application process Content: Online applications can take hours of candidates' time when applying for a job. While some firms are moving away from these online systems, many companies move towards them.A recent survey states that 73% of businesses of all sizes use talent acquisition software to source, track, analyse, and onboard new recruits. 99% of the US Fortune 500 companies use applicant tracking system (ATS) providers, allowing them to customise questions and set filters, and automate the bulk of the filtering labour.
Title: Most companies rely on ATS Content: With newer platforms, applicants have the option of using their LinkedIn profile instead of a CV. But they may still encounter customised questions that will require a significant investment of time.LinkedIn's Easy Apply button on job listings allows candidates to submit their profiles without additional materials. However, the majority of New York-based positions listed on LinkedIn rely on external ATS (Applicant tracking system)  to manage applications.
Title: ATS systems are not human friendly Content: What serves the employer well may not work for the prospective employee.According to a survey, 60% of candidates may give up on an application if it's too long or complicated.A cumbersome application process likely indicates the company's attitude towards its employees or overall culture.It is a dispiriting process as even seasoned applicants receive a response only 5% of the time.
Title: Hiring managers need ATS systems Content: From a hiring manager's perspective, applicant tracking systems are beneficial, especially with a higher volume of applicants for every open role. ATS systems can collate the data from every applicant's resume and display it in a searchable spreadsheet. More advanced software can separate candidates without human oversight and present a sifted pool of priority applicants.
Title: The personalized touch in the hiring process Content: Technology will continue to improve in ways to benefit both parties involved in the recruiting process. Advances in machine learning could enable the system to recognise and tag resumes with keyword synonyms or phrasing variations.For now, candidates can take some steps to avoid being ignored. Instead of applying for a hundred jobs with a template resume, the candidate should select their top 20 postings and then write thoughtful covering letters with warm, personalised introductions.