Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Problem Solving,Leadership & Management
Title: Fear of criticism Content: Many people are afraid to live their dreams for fear of what others may think and say about them.Makingdecisions based on what people thinkwill debilitate you for the rest of your life.
Title: Fear of poverty Content: Many people are stuck in “survival mode.” Too many people settle for mediocrity because they think they must “survive” instead of “thrive.”Never let the fear of poverty hold you back from your dreams.
Title: Fear of old age (and death) Content: Benjamin Franklin once said, "Most people die at 25 and are buried at 75." This metaphorical death comes when people figure they can't make it happen, so they end up quitting in advance.Fear of old age can also be harmful when a person has to go through a major career transition.In the end, age is far less important than your belief in yourself.
Title: Fear of failure or "what if" Content: “What if it doesn't work? What if no one likes it? What if it fails?"These are the wrong questions. Instead, concentrate on all the ways you may succeed. Even if you fail, it can give you a chance to reflect, correct and succeed.
Title: Fear of offending others Content: People must be audacious in their actions if they are going to achieve their dreams.Manypeople are afraid of offending others with their self-promotion.However, no one will recognize your talents unless you show them.
Title: Fear of looking foolish Content: We need to have more faith in our decision-making ability.Find out who you are and what fits your style. Often, you'll have to start by finding out who you aren't.Trust your gut and know that you're making the right decision.
Title: Fear of success Content: Manypeople are afraid oftheir true “self-expression,” which is what real success is all about.Many families operate on the belief system that becoming successful is unrealistic, so they never push their kids.Instead of adopting this mindset, believe that you will achieve success.