Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: Tips On How To Set Up To Do Lists Content: Start task names with a verb to make them more descriptive and easy to understand.Breakeachtask into smaller tasks.Create temporary lists when needed.Erase the temporary lists when you’re done with them. Automatethe setting up of recurring tasks when possible.Keep it simple. Don’t use features your software has unless you need it.
Title: Examples Of To Do Lists  Content: Personal: for tasks that only apply to your personal life and are somewhat time sensitive.Work: for work related tasks. You may want to create sister lists if your work is multifaceted. For instance: Work > Sales and Work > Acquisitions.Someday: for tasks that you may want to achieve but not in the near future.
Title: Basic Steps For Using a To-Do List Content: Add tasks as they appear to the appropriate list, assigning a due date if possible.Before the day ends, check your lists for the tasks you want to do the next day. You can add a due date for it.Review the lists at the end of the day to have a clear idea of how your tomorrow will be and ensure you haven’t missed any tasks.In the morning open your to do list and choose the tasks you want to start with. Mark the important ones and focus on them first.
Title: Tips On Using Calendars Content: Using calendars of different colors allows for easy identification.Adding additional information like duration and address can save you time.Sometimes it’s useful toset up alarmsway before the event itself.Set up different calendars for different areas of your life.
Title: The To-Do List vs. The Calendar Content: The to-do list is for tasks and always requires actions to be completed. Meanwhile, the calendar is for events that happen by themselves, and may require participation.Some events require tasks for a satisfactory completion, but those are tasks associated with the event, not part of the event. For instance: A meeting may require the task of reading, but the meeting is happening anyway.
Title: The Benefits Of Apps Over Paper For Organization Content: Ease of access allows for usage on multiple platforms.Moving and duplicating taskswithout rewriting them. Ability to set up alarms.A paperless and minimal life.