Personal Development,Problem Solving,Mental Health
Title: Doom And Gloom Content: Human beings are not inclined towards accepting problem-free situations and outcomes. We define our reality through suffering and misery.One of the problems with being a clever and analytical person is becoming very good at seeing what might go wrong.
Title: The Optimism Gun Content: Our reality, our beliefs, and attitudes towards money, fame, fortune, are basically just mental concepts and chemical patterns stored in the minds of a bunch of human beings.A surprising amount of what happens around us may be our own creation, as it is increasingly clear that human beings may be creating their own reality. The Optimism Gun is a mental weapon that can shape our reality in ways that is beneficial to us, in various practical ways.
Title: Optimism and Leadership Content: When a person is optimistic and has something positive to say, defying odds and the general sentiment, she/he is on a podium like a leader and gets the attention of people, who are automatically drawn towards confident, encouraging leaders.People will naturally listen to the good words of a leader as they want what he/she says with courage, to be true and it helps them feel good about themselves.
Title: Optimism Is Surprisingly Effective Content: Extreme optimism makes you do a lot of adventurous and fun activities, which will lead to success and failure, both of which are good outcomes eventually, with failure teaching you how to succeed faster.We also stop doing useless activities, reducing our focus on things we cannot control. An optimist's life has hundreds of hours freed up due to less worrying and more positive action.
Title: The Placebo Effect Content: There is so much power in our reality-creating mind that the mere thought of taking medicine can work wonders with the body, so much that fake medicine (sugar pills) are as effective as any real medicine, something known as the Placebo Effect.The same effect is evident with being optimistic, which automatically results in one being generally relaxed, stress-free and healthy.
Title: Tricking People Into Succeeding Content: Optimism + competency is a potent combination.A smart person who is capable and optimistic will be able to trick others into succeeding but speaking their language and then applying the Optimism Gun with their smart-chop solutions. This can quickly lead to extreme success.