Personal Development,Problem Solving,Love & Relationships,Health
Title: Finding your purpose Content: Many seem to think that purpose comes from your unique gifts and sets you apart from other people. That is only partly true.Meaningful goals that foster a sense of purpose are ones that can potentially change the lives of other people. It is why a crisis of meaning is often a symptom of isolation.
Title: Read Content: Reading connects us to people across time and space.Research shows that those who read the Bible more tended to have a stronger sense of purpose.Reading fiction also seems to make a difference. By seeing purpose in the lives of other people, we are more likely to see it in our own.
Title: Find purpose in suffering Content: Finding purpose is not just an intellectual pursuit, it is something we need to feel. That's why purpose can grow out of suffering.
Title: Cultivate awe, gratitude, and altruism Content: Feeling like we're part of something big makes us feel connected. But we also need to feel driven to make a positive impact in the world.Those who are able to count their blessings are more likely to contribute to the world. People that express behaviors like volunteering or donating have a greater sense of purpose.
Title: What other people appreciate about you Content: Appreciation from others fuels our work. Although no research directly explores how being thanked might increase a sense of purpose, we do know that gratitude strengthens relationships, and they are often the source of our purpose.
Title: Find and build community Content: We can often find our sense of purpose in the people around us.If you're having trouble remembering your purpose, take a look at the people around you. Do they have a common goal that can have a positive impact on the world? Can you join with them in making that impact?
Title: Tell your story Content: Purpose can arise from curiosity about your own life. When we make a narrative out of our own lives, it gives us clarity on how to understand ourselves and provides a framework to help us make sense of our experiences.