Personal Development,Habits,Time Management
Title: Destination Goals Content: While we set our personal goals, we make the common mistake of setting a 'destination goal', focusing on the end result, without considering the hardships and daily challenges.When a few hindrances and setbacks come, we are easily abandoning the set goals too.
Title: Life Direction Content: Instead of sticking to dream goals it is better to set a life Direction.How to figure out a Life Direction? Ask yourself these fundamental questions:What energizes me?What do I look forward to?When do I feel the happiest?What do I want to learn?What kind of places or people inspire me to strive for more?
Title: Action Plan Content: Determine and plan in advance all the critical parts of your goal, and break it down in small, actionable tasks.The small, divided tasks keep you motivated by providing a feeling of progress on a daily basis.
Title: Constant Review Content: Keep assessing and reviewing your progress towards the goal, constantly checking upon yourself and providing self-feedback.
Title: Good Strategies Content: Embrace strategies that make your goal more achievable.Specific planning helps you implement with intention and drive.Habit stacking: Undertaking a task repeatedly results in a habit by getting it ingrained in our brains.Associate goals with other tasks to form connections.
Title: Align your Environment Content: Our surroundings play a key role in shaping our motivation and willpower.We should keep in mind that we normally choose what is easy for us, instead of what is good for us. For example: If we have a stock of chilled beer lying in the fridge, we are more likely to drink it rather than having something healthy.
Title: Not too hard, Not too Easy Content: If a goal is too hard or too easy there is a chance it won't be accomplished. The trick is to work on tasks that are on the edge of our current abilities.Keep tasks challenging but not impossible, and you will remain invested in them for long.