Personal Development,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: “Toxic” People Content: Usually, such people think negatively, are self-centered, hypercritical, communicating with ulterior motives and life. Toxic people make you feel uncomfortable, guilty, and frustrated, and can ruin your motivation.Self-esteem and motivation are dependent on your environment. Analyze your environment, identify the toxic people and avoid them. Be with people who support, appreciate, admire you.
Title: Pessimism Content: Unless you have clinical depression, pessimism is just a bad habit. Many adopt pessimism from childhood models or from a painful event and end up making it a part of their life.Consume inspiring content, or record your achievements and things you are grateful for, and routinely look through these liststo remind yourself of your abilities in difficult moments.
Title: Limiting Yourself Content: Feeling sorry for yourself, procrastinating and adopting a binary or pessimistic world view are common ways of self-limitation.Work on your priorities and attitudes to find untapped opportunities. Being ready to face something new opens doors for you.
Title: Constantly Looking For Excuses Content: Excuses are stopping you from doing more. And you are the only person who can change it.Define what matters, use it to determine if you need to do something and do it if it’s the case. Even small steps will help you progress.
Title: Lack Of Planning Content: Both lack of planning and overly complex plans have the potential to waste your efforts and keep you from your goal.Write down what you need to succeed divide it into small achievable goals. Now you have a detailed map of how to get to the endpoint. After achieving your goal celebrate the victory and move on.
Title: Concentrating On Previous Failures Content: It’s one of the main reasons for poor motivation. The inner voice reminds you that you'll fail again.Only those who do nothing don’t fail. Remember that failures are an opportunity for growth and keep that in mind when you make mistakes, to change your attitude towards failures.
Title: Worrying About What Others Think Content: Yearning for acceptance and to please can make you forget who you are. As a result, you become a constantly worried person with a sense of little self-worth.Take responsibility for your life and make choices based on what you want, not on expectations. Take a break and watch yourself. Face the dark sides that you try to hide, understand what you want, and set the limits.
Title: Fear Of Doing New Things Content: The new threatens our stability and may worsen things. It brings new responsibilities and issues we are afraid of not being able to cope with.Make a list of your fears and think of small challenges for yourself: anything that helps you prove yourself, to do something unusual and add some confidence in your life.
Title: Burnout Content: Overwork can lead toexhaustion. When you run out of energy, it’s easy to lose sight of why you were doing something and thatcan rob you of motivation.Take a break and once you feel refreshed, make a list of personal goals for the year. Then write three reasons why you should do a specific work now.Keep these notes behind your eyes and take a look at them every time you need a snitch.