Personal Development,Business,Entrepreneurship,Startups,Leadership & Management
Title: More Success For Others Than For You Content: Everyone around you needs to become better than you.Figure out how your employees, clients, and customers can be successful in what they are doing.
Title: Constructive Criticism Content: Don't just say NO to something you don't like or want to change.Say, 'Yes, and.." then provide constructive feedback on what is good and what can be improved.
Title: One thing you are grateful for Content:  Practice saying and recalling things that you are grateful for. It changes your mindset positively, leading to better productivity.
Title: The Vision Rule Content: Once your company gets big in size, it is challenging to keep track and know everyone.So the leader unites them by a Vision Story, in which he shares his vision to all.
Title: Face your fears and be free Content: A leader is always prepared for change. And realizes that pain is just an opportunity to live in a bigger and more abundant world.
Title: Treat yourself with Dignity Content: Learn to put your foot down and respect your priorities instead of working according to other peoples convenience and time.
Title: The good reason and the real reason Content: In almost all conflicts and problems, there are two reasons, the real and the good.
Title: The leader's health Content: A real, great leader progresses daily towards better physical and mental health.Ensure that your surroundings and your thoughts are healthy.
Title: Do the things you love Content: Be patient and persistent in things that interest you, with or without money.Explore and follow what you love, find your true calling, and you will find that money comes as a side effect.
Title: Lead Yourself Content: Before you lead your company, you have to lead yourself.Get better at the things you're interested in. Try to understand more deeply the painful experiences you've had, and take care every day of your health: physical, emotional, mental and spiritual.