Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Habits,Mindfulness
Title: Stop Content: Have the courage to stop what you're doing.Give yourself the space to slow down, so you can see the bigger picture and get a handle on things.Take a day or two to rest, do nothing, and regroup. Center yourself so that you have the energy to make wiser, healthier decisions.
Title: Let go of some things Content: Lin Yutang said, "besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of nonessentials."What don't you need to do? What can you delegate or let go of?
Title: Commit to less Content: Having too much to do often has to do with unrealistic goal setting and over-committing your time and energy.Are you being overly ambitious? What you can really do?
Title: Say no Content: People who are overwhelmed spread their energy too thinly.When you feel scattered and pulled apart in a lot of different directions, are you willing to pull yourself back in and say "no" to others?
Title: Know your priorities Content: Look at the bigger picture of your life, and how you really want to spend your precious time and energy. Taking time to contemplate your priorities is key to having focused flow.
Title: Simplify Content: Being overwhelmed goes hand in hand with having a mind full of complicated thoughts and chaos. David Allen reminds us, "Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them."Are you willing to make your life simpler? Are you willing to make your mind simple, and approach the things in your life with a sense of simplicity?
Title: Limit yourself Content: Be willing to focus on just a few things at a time. Put limits on certain activities that aren't important.By limiting your time and energy for certain endeavors, and not allowing yourself to get lost in the day-to-day, you can create more time and space in your life.
Title: Develop self-esteem Content: Oftentimes, an underlying poor self-esteem is the culprit of over-doing and over-committing. Instead of understanding your own needs, you are constantly catering to the needs of others.Be willing to take time for self-care.
Title: Tune in to what you want to feel Content: Sometimes we get so lost in feeling stressed and overwhelmed, we forget about what we really do want to feel and experience.Refocusing your attention and intention can help you reset your energy.
Title: Re-imagine a new schedule Content: Imagine a new lifestyle, from scratch. If you made your health and happiness a priority, what would your day look like? How would you wake up? What would your day consist of?Let your new schedule inspire you and be a natural guide for what you prefer to experience each day.