Health,Psychology,Marketing & Sales,Food
Title: 100 Calorie Packs Content: These pre-portioned packages usually contain little to no nutritional value, and people often eat more than one.Instead, prepare your own 150 calorie snack by combining almonds and your favorite dried fruit for a good combination of healthy fats, protein, and carbs.
Title: 100% Wheat Bread Or Brown Bread  Content: That doesn’t mean they are made of 100% whole grains. All 3 components (endosperm, germ, and bran) of a grain must be present for it to be classified as a whole grain.
Title: Yogurt  Content: It’s made by adding bacteria to milk, which can soothe several gastrointestinal ailments. But highly sweetened yogurts are like candy in a container instead of a valuable dose of dairy. Opt for Greek yogurt, which is thicker in texture, and also contains double the amount of protein and less sugar than most yogurts.
Title: “Natural” Content: This term is not yet regulated or clearly defined by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), so it has no true meaning.
Title: Baked Chips  Content: Chips are not the most nutritious option for snack time, but baked versions usually contain less fat than traditional varieties. But, this drop in fat can be offset with increased sodium and sugar.Bake your own veggie chips at home.
Title: Granola Content: Unless you're going on a hike, you are unlikely to need all the concentrated fat and sugar that comes with it.Instead, opt for cereal with whole grains listed as the first ingredient on the shortest list you can find, and use 5g as your marker: you want less than 5g sugar, but at least 5g of fiber, and no more than 5 grams of fat.
Title: Agave Syrup Content: A popular sugar alternative and touted as a “healthy sweetener.” it doesn’t cause as great a surge in blood sugar levels as sugar does but it has more calories and shouldn’t be used in unlimited quantities.
Title: “Organic” Content: Food labeled as “organic” isn’t automatically the healthiest option. While organic foods can be healthful and contain fewer pesticides, organic versions of junk food are still filled with sugar, sodium, and fat.Don’t cast aside all other principles of healthy eating when buying organic.