Communication,Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: The importance of giving feedback Content: Giving feedback to your employees is good for a number of reasons:It allows people to hone their work in a quick and efficient manner;It opens up the opportunity for them to learn from a more experienced worker; It motivates them to go to work and finish tasks.However, invigorating a healthy culture of providing feedback is a task in itself. It can feel intimidating and a lot like criticism but if done correctly, it allows a comfortable environment that is open for discussion.
Title: Do's and don'ts for feedback meetings Content: DO:Schedule the meetings early, midway, and at the end of every project to provide in-depth feedback.Don't be shy to bring in experts from other teams.Set an official facilitator and set ground rules for the conversation.DON'T:Don't overcrowd the meeting. Less than seven is advised.Don't set up a meeting for a finished project, unless there are revisions needed to be done.Don't let the conversation get flooded by too many ideas, only list down those that are important.
Title: Do's and Don'ts for quick check-ins Content: DO:Establish a set schedule for everyone in the team to participate for quick updates and feedback.Ask the important questions like: What did you do yesterday? What will you do today? Is anything in your way?DON'T:Don't prolong the check ins. It isn't the time to discuss what would be discussed for a meeting.Don't keep seated. Stand up, get on your feet and keep your body moving to get energy flowing.
Title: Do's and Don'ts for feedback after project completion Content: DO:Include everyone who participated in the project.Try to consider using a survey to get everyone's perspective.Use this as an opportunity to have everyone integrate what they have learned from the project.DON'T:Forget to reflect on the humps that happened during the project and discuss what could've been done better.
Title: Do's and Don'ts for feedback on a postmortem Content: Here is how to give feedback to poorly-made projects:DO:Have a moderator that is impartial for the discussion that can set ground rules for a better flowing conversation.Focus on the timeline of events and facts.DON'T:Finger point. Instead, send an e-mail containing the summary of the postmortem in a professional manner.Finish the session without clarifying lessons learned and next step actions.