Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication
Title: You are playing yourself Content: Life is not about winning against other people; it’s about winning against yourself. Try to be just 1% better than you were the day before. The small steps are where the seemingly big steps of growth come from.
Title: What you feel is not important Content: Feeling and thinking mean nothing. It’s what you do with your thoughts and feelings that determine your success. Take more action in the direction you want to go. If your dream is to be phenomenal at sport, then take action towards achieving this goal.
Title: Learning to love the things we hate Content: Throughout Andre Agassi’s book, he describes many times his hate for the sport of tennis. It’s clear by the end that he is able to deal with his hatred of tennis because he has learned to love it.Without adversity, you won’t have the building blocks for success.
Title: Bad feelings last longer than good ones Content: Andre Agassi describes winning as very anti-climatic. He explains that losing is the hardest part because it lasts ten times longer than the winning feeling.We expect the good feeling of winning and achieving to last a long time, but it never does. Remember that everything we do in life is typically to chase some positive feeling.
Title: Perfectionism will kill you Content: One of Andre Agassi’s career challenges was that he was trying to hit a winning ball every time. Towards the end of his career, he learned that not winning every ball, and remaining steady and consistent was far more crucial to him winning.Rather than win at every task you do, try to remain consistent and concentrate on getting just that little bit better with a solid routine of habits.
Title: Winning is short-term Content: When Andre Agassi describes becoming number one, he says that he felt nothing. Even when winning important games, he describes the feeling as only lasting a short time.You can’t rely on winning to be your day-to-day motivation. You have to be able to live a fantastic day every day even if you haven’t won or achieved anything significant.
Title: It’s not about you; it’s about others Content: Fighting our pain and relieving other people’s pain is why we’re here.When we help people through their struggles, it helps us with our own.
Title: Fear is your fire Content: Without fear, we would lose the fire to succeed at our dream.When we become fearless, we become unmotivated and on the brink of failure. Let fear motivate you rather than stop you from getting where you want to go.
Title: We see ourselves in other’s comebacks Content: There’s nothing interesting about constant success. We all get excited when we see someone struggle and then get to experience their comeback.We’ve all fallen from grace at some stage in our life, and the journey back to the top is where all the growth and positive feelings lie.
Title: Don’t think, feel Content: When we think too much, we block ourselves from achieving our goal. We have to learn to use our intuition and feel our way through challenges.There’s a time for thinking, and there is a time for feeling.