Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving
Title: Not saying No Content: First, say yes to your core values, then say no to the situation. Finally, say yes to the relationship.A not-to-do list or some predefined phrases will help you to say no in unexpected situations.
Title: Not respecting your calendar Content: Treat the meeting with yourself as it was a meeting with a third party. It’s only you who can act on your most important tasks with priority.Make sure that you set up boundariesfor yourself and for other people. Remember to communicate with them clearly.Such a boundary can be that you leave your office at a certain time each day because your family is your priority. It doesn’t mean, of course, that you can’t work later in periods of high workload.
Title: Multitasking Content: Ringing phones, text messages, reminders, pop-ups, social media, email.There’re countless studies demonstrating that multitasking will hinder your work both in terms of quality and quantity.Resist the temptation to get in the loop and do one thing at a time.
Title: Picking up multiple habits simultaneously Content: Cementing a new habit takes time and discipline.Integrate a single habit at a time. That way, you are more likely to establish it and, once cemented, you could consider picking up the next habit.
Title: Skipping & switching Content: Skipping exercise, planning time, me-time or the weekly review comes to us naturally. They seem inferior amid the chaos of everyday life.Switching back and forth between different task managers and apps is part of the learning curve, but should not be for too long.
Title: Overplanning Content: Planning is a very important part of the process. However, if you won’t take action, it’s going to be worthless.Set up boundaries for yourself to ensure that you won’t spend too much time on planning and designing. You won’t consider more than, say, three options, and you won’t postpone your project launch just because it’s not perfect yet.
Title: Exaggerating the importance of productivity Content: When you begin to apply productivity to your life and work, it can be seductive. It’s kind of an addiction that can cause more harm than good if you don’t keep it under control.Don’t take productivity advice so seriously. Give it a go, experiment, and find out whether it works or not. If not, reject the idea or customize.