
Title: Obligatory scenes of Thriller Content: An Inciting Crime indicative of a master Villain. There must be victims:  There’s a dead body that is left unidentified in the first paragraph of the book, and the second one follows with what seems to be a crime scene. (Is this person killed? It seems so?) Later, we see Megan having an affair, but it’s not until Megan disappears that the paragraph portraying the crime scene resurfaces.Protagonist discovers and understands the antagonist’s external object of desire:  Rachel learns that Tom is trying to cover up his tracks when her memory lost from her black out returns: she remembers seeing Megan getting in a car with Tom in the underpass. This becomes clearer since she also recently recalled a memory that it wasn’t Rachel who swung the golf club at Tom’s head (when they were married), but the reverse. Tom’s lies start coming out.Protagonist becomes the villain:  Rachel is trapped in Tom and Anna’s house when he returns home, catching Rachel talking to Anna. The truth comes out, and Rachel is held hostage until Tom decides what he wants to do with her.Hero is at the mercy of the villain:  Rachel is bloody and held against her will. She waits, sitting in a chair, debating if she can make it out the front door before he catches her. She can’t, and violence and danger grow. This leads to her fighting back, using his ego against him, and bolting out the back door, where he drags her kicking and screaming, until she kills him. False ending: Rachel kills Tom. It’s not until the last scene that we learn that Rachel and Anna lie to the police about what really happened—that the ladies, together, hold true to these lies: that Rachel killed Tom in self-defense and Anna did her best to try and save him. But in reality, we learn Anna twists the corkscrew deeper into Tom’s neck to make sure that he is dead, all while whispering something to him. Anna leaves the police with what Rachel feels is a threat: she warns Rachel that neither of them must ever go back on their lies, that they are tethered together by their story.