Personal Development,Habits,Time Management
Title: Write a vision Content: Write down exactly what you want your life to look like. Put it where you can see it every day. However, it is not set in stone. You can change it along the way.
Title: Examine your current life Content: See how much of your life already matches your vision.You want to keep those things and remember that part of your vision is already happening.
Title: Define your core values Content: Every decision you make about your life should reflect those values. 
Title: What drains your energy Content: What in your current life are you just tolerating?Address these things one by one to make room for the new, more important stuff coming your way.
Title: Make an appointment Content: Set regular weekly appointments with yourself to work on your life passion actions.If you don’t set aside the time for the work, you will never get to your goal.
Title: Finances Content: Save moneyand set it aside for education, to get a business started, or to sustain you financially as you transition.Determine your lowest acceptable yearly incomeand how long you are willing to live at this income level.Find other income streams. Start thinking about ways you can bring in extra cash in a pinch.
Title: Start reading Content: Read everything about your passion and take notes. Look at how other people have translated that passion into a career.
Title: Refine your search Content: You may find one or more career options that jump out at you.Delve deeper into your research on those topics to find out exactly:what kind of education is neededwho is already successful in this areawhat kind of salary you can expect to makehow long it would take to become proficient in this area.
Title: Find a mentor Content: Find one or two people who are successful in doing what you want to do. Connect with them. Make a list of questions and ask for their advice.
Title: Transition Content: Take action.Write down all the action steps you will need to take to get you from here to there.Set up a calendar. Assign your action steps to specific days or weeks. Allow yourself time for interruptions or changes.Keep those close to you involved and in the loop.Consider your current job. Be sure to include as part of your action steps how you will move from your current job into your new one.
Title: The Process Content: Stay financially prepared.Stay inspired byreading motivational books.Expect bumps in the road.Take daily action.