Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: Struggling with a perfectionist mentality Content: Perfectionism is a tool you’re using to keep you from reaching your full potential.There is no perfect. People who struggle with perfectionism should learn to be aggressively imperfect. It's okay to feel vulnerable. We're all human, after all.
Title: Types of perfectionists Content: To fix a problem, you first have to admit you have a problem. this means discovering what type of perfectionist you are.The Striver: You have no problem starting a task, but you set unreachable standards, so you're constantly battling against failure.The Idealist: You spend all your time envisioning the perfect future. You know you'll never reach the vision in your mind, so you don't make a move to begin.
Title: Finding your “yes” Content: It's much easier to say no to things when you can identify your yes. A good yes should align with your core values and leave you feeling fulfilled.Ask yourself these five questions to find out how you feel about an opportunity. If you answer "no" to any of these questions, you should probably let it go.Do you want to take this on?Why?How much time will it take?Do you have the time?Does it fulfil you?
Title: The three priority levels Content: You may have to say yes to something that doesn't necessarily fulfil you. When in doubt about what to prioritize in your life, use the three-level prioritizing system.Escalate: Important and urgent. These tasks are pushing us toward long-term goals and have a pressing deadline.Cultivate: Important but not urgent. These activities will grow us and move us closer to our end goals but have no deadline. It's easy to let go of these tasks, but they deserve the most emphasis.Accommodate: Unimportant but urgent. These tasks have a pressing deadline but don't help us reach our long-term goals, such as a messy kitchen. Spend as little time as possible in this section.When we use a priority list, we work by priority and stop wasting energy deciding what to do next.