Teamwork,Personal Development,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management,Remote Work
Title: Be Consistent Content: You must reward the same behaviors every time they appear, discourage the same behaviors when they appear and treat every member of your team with an equal, level-headed view.
Title: Communicate Properly Content: How you communicate with your team can dictate your eventual success. To avoid miscommunication and to keep your team updated, always strive for clarity, accuracy, and thoroughness on your communication.
Title: Aim To Work as a Team Content: Have your team work for something together.Setting goals just for the department or one individual breeds isolation and a limited mentality. Instead, give staffers a unified focus and purpose, to inspire them together.
Title: Publicly Recognize Hard Work Content: Reward members of your team that do something exceptional, even if it’s just a vocal recognition. Do this publicly so the recipient feels good and the rest of the team knows that hard work is rewarded.Just be careful to be consistent in your rewards so you won't be seen as playing favorites.
Title: Be The Example Content: Set an example in terms of your behavior. Strive to be your own ideal of the perfect worker, especially in front of the team.
Title: Never Go With 'One-Size-Fits-All.' Content: Your team is comprised of individuals with unique personalities and capabilities, so individualized approaches work better. Never use the exact same approach to motivate, encourage or mold all of them.
Title: Be as Transparent as Possible Content: Transparency shows your integrity as a leader and builds trust with the members of your team. Lying or withholding information, could jeopardize your relationships and the respect you command as a leader.
Title: Encourage All Opinions Content: The more people you have actively participating in discussions and attempting to make improvements to the organization, the better. Never chastise a team member for voicing an opinion respectfully -- even if it goes against your original vision or isn’t well thought out.Don’t cut someone down for voicing an opinion, it builds resentment and discourages people from sharing their own new thoughts.
Title: Help People Enjoy Work Content: You don’t need a pool table or dress code abolition to make work fun. You can make the workday more enjoyable with things like surprise lunch outings, a dedicated break room or even just casual conversations with your workers.Help your people enjoy coming to work, and they’ll do their best work for you.
Title: Listen And Ask Questions Content: Don’t silence those who disagree with your management style or don’t like the direction of the company. Listen. And ask questions of your entire team.Open dialogue makes it easier to proactively identify problems and work together to create a mutually beneficial environment. It will also make your employees feel appreciated and acknowledged.