Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: Trim the fat Content: Multitasking and directing your energy to unimportant tasks and activities will overwhelm and prevent you from being productive.Focus on your 3 to 5 most urgent tasks on your to-do-list. Focus on one task at a time.At least one of your Most Important Tasks should be related to your goals.
Title: Measure your results Content: To assist you with measuring results instead of time, keep done lists to feel more motivated and focused.
Title: Have an attitude adjustment Content: We aremore effective at work when we have a positive attitude.Agood attitude at work will help you set standards for your work and ensure that you're taking responsibility for yourself.
Title: Communication skills Content: Strengthen your communicationskills to eliminate unnecessary rework and wasted time from misunderstandings.Stay on one topic when communicating. Don't add too much information since it might confuse the recipient.
Title: Stick to a routine Content: We can carry out tasks faster if we can work on autopilot.
Title: Automate more tasks Content: The secret to getting more things done is to make them automatic.Automate tasks so you do not have to spend energy and self-discipline with unnecessary decisions.
Title: Stop multitasking Content: People can't multitask very well. they're simply shifting their attention from one task to another very quickly.Instead of multitasking, take a breather and then go back to focus on the one thing that needs to get done right now. Once that's done, move on to the next task.
Title: Parkinson's Law Content: "If you wait until the last minute, it only takes a minute to do."We are more energized to do a task when the task has a shorter timeframe to complete. Impose shorter deadlines for your tasks.
Title: Relieve stress Content: The most effective stress-relief strategies are exercising, praying, reading, listening to music, spending time with friends or family, getting a massage, going outside for a walk, meditating, doing a creative hobby.Another effective stress management technique is to plan ahead.
Title: Do more of the work you enjoy Content: Focus more on the work that you actually enjoy doing.You'll feel more fulfilled, inspired, challenged, and productive.