Personal Development,Habits,Time Management,Productivity
Title: Your Possessions Content: Too many material possessions complicate our lives to a greater degree than we ever give them credit. They drain our bank account, our energy, and our attention.Invest the time to remove nonessential possessions from your life.
Title: Your Time Commitments  Content: Most of us have filled ourdays full from beginning to end with time commitments: work, home, kid’s activities, community events, religious endeavors, hobbies… the list goes on.Release yourself from the time commitments that are not in line with your greatest values.
Title: Your Goals Content: Reducethe number of goals you are intentionally striving for in your life to one ortwo. You will improve your focus and your success rate.Make a list of the things that you want to accomplish in your life and choose the two most important.When you finish one, add another from your list.
Title: Your Negative Thoughts Content: Resentment, bitterness, hate, and jealousy have never improved the quality of life for a single human being.Take responsibility for your mind. Forgive past hurts and replace negative thoughts with positive ones.
Title: Your Debt Content: If debt is holding you captive, reduce it. Start today. Do what you’ve got to do to get out from under its weight. Find the help that you need. Sacrifice luxurytoday to enjoy freedom tomorrow.
Title: Your Words Content: Usefewer words. Keep your speech plain and honest. Mean what you say. Avoid gossip.
Title: Your Artificial Ingredients Content: Avoid trans fats, refined grain (white bread), high-fructose corn syrup, and too much sodium.Minimizing these ingredients will improve your energy level in the short-term and your health in the long-term.Reduce your consumption of over-the-counter medicine – allow your body to heal itself naturally as opposed to building a dependency on substances.
Title: Your Screen Time Content: Focusing your attention on television, movies, video games, andtechnology affects your life more than you think.The media rearranges your values. It begins to dominate your life. And it has a profound impact on your attitude and outlook.The only way to fully appreciate its influence in your life is to turn them off.
Title: Your Connections to the World Content: Relationships with others are good,but constant streams of distractionare bad.Learn when to power off the blackberry, log off Facebook, or not read a text. Focus on the important, not the urgent.A steady flow ofdistractions from other people may make us feel important, needed, or wanted, but feeling important andaccomplishing importance are completely different things.
Title: Your Multi-Tasking Content: Research indicates that multi-tasking increases stress and lowers productivity.While single-tasking is becoming a lost art, learn it. Handle one task at a time. Do it well. And when it is complete, move to the next.