Personal Development,Habits,Productivity,Time Management
Title: The 2 Forms of Motivation Content: Motivation can be described as the general desire or willingness of someone to do something.Extrinsic motivation depends on your surroundings: a  pep talk, a fitness partner, inspiring posts are some examples. Because these sources are outside your ability to control, you cannot entirely rely on them.Intrinsic motivation comes from within, when you decide to take action. You are not born with it, but you can develop it.
Title: No Goals Content: People find it difficult to predict the results today's actions will yield a few months from now. So, give them up. Do something because you enjoy it, not for what it will get you.Exercise to become fit, not because you have a goal of losing 25 pounds in 4 months. If you do what you love, results will inevitably follow.
Title: The Question To Ask Content: Resilience to complete a future goal is futile.Instead, ask yourself: "How can I be more resilient in the next hour?"Be determined with the small steps for an hour, then again for the next hour. The compound effect of your actions over time will produce surprising results.
Title: Batch Your Work Content: Distractions interfere with your willpower. And willpower gets tired as it gets used. Your resilience will increase when you reduce distractions.Batch your work by grouping similar tasks together and working on them. Create a slot to batch deep work. Emails can be batched with phone calls.
Title: Increasing Your Gaps Content: Increase the gaps between days of low productivity. Fill those gaps with constructive days. That way, you won’t berate yourself for a bad day. Instead, you’ll reflect on where you went wrong, and correct it the next time around.If you do slip back, ask yourself,"How can I make the most of the next hour?"
Title: Looking Back Content: Look back to remind yourself of the time when you were stuck, where you felt low or doubted yourself. You are alive and stronger than ever.Remind yourself of those times, and tell yourself you'll do it again.
Title: Developing Resilience Content: Life isn’t what you enjoy when you get somewhere. It's about the journey, the highs and the lows, the victories, and defeats. Resilience keeps you going through all your good and bad times.Don’t train yourself to stay motivated. Instead, train yourself to become resilient. You cannot master resilience after doing it once. It’s a lifelong process.