Problem Solving,Personal Development,Communication,Learning & Education
Title: Deliberate practice Content: ... is by far the most effective method for rapidly improving your abilities at any skill.It requires focused attention and is conducted with the specific goal of improving performance.
Title: The Deliberate Practice Roadmap Content: Find a teacher or a 'substitute.Assess your limits.Set SMART goals.Practice with focus.Get feedback.Repeat, while maintaining motivation.
Title: Art / Design Content: Look at an app’s UI, logo, color scheme, etc., hide it, then try to redesign it on your own from memory. Compare your design to the original.Copy a work you like by drawing over it, then try to recreate it on your own. Compare your recreation to your copy, where were you weakest?Use YouTube tutorials by skipping to the end, trying to reproduce it on your own, then watching the tutorial to help improve where your attempt was weaker.
Title: Copywriting Content: Come up with three different sales copy for a landing page, try to rank how they’ll perform relative to each other, then compare the results after testing.
Title: Language Learning Content: Watch a movie in a foreign language with the subtitles in English, cover the subtitles, and quiz yourself after every sentence they speak.Go to the mall in a foreign country and ask different people the same question to train yourself how to listen to their responses.Use a spaced repetition system to memorize and quiz yourself on vocabulary.Read a book in a foreign language while also listening to the audio to force yourself to move at a normal pace through the book.
Title: Reading Content: Use a speed reading app to force yourself beyond your reading comfort zone while testing yourself for comprehension, and slowly up the speed as you’re comprehending things accurately.After reading a book, or section of a book, close it and try to write a quick summary or bullet points of what you learned.
Title: Speaking / Presenting Content: Force yourself to start sentences over if you use filler words such as “like” “um” “uh” etc.Give presentations with no words on the slides, only images.Video tape yourself presenting and watch it to identify weak points.Try other kinds of speaking such as stand up comedy, improv, dramatic interpretation.Try stopping people on the street and keeping them entertained for as long as possible, using body gestures, excited speaking, etc
Title: Writing Content: Forbid yourself from using certain kinds of words, such as adjectives or adverbs.Force yourself to write from a different perspective than you usually do, or in a different style.Break up someone else’s writing and try to reproduce it on your own, such as by trying to recreate their structure, word choice, or other elements.Writing articles or stories within a certain fixed timeframe.Force yourself to convey ideas in extremely compact forms, like tweets or haikus.