Personal Development,Teamwork,Career,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Find a matching mentee Content: If you decide on becoming a mentor, you might want to consider choosing a mentee who shares your interests. It will make everyone's life easier. Moreover, you will also be able to provide more useful pieces of information, that is to say, to fulfill your duty as mentor. 
Title: Building effective mentoring relationships  Content: Mentoring requires having a clear idea of how the sessions themselves are to happen.Make sure that from the very beginning you communicate to your mentee exactly how all is going to take place: how often, where, how, etc.  Get to know the other and use all the means you dispose of in order to help him or her reach the desired goal.
Title: A mentor's real purpose Content: More than giving directions, a mentor is supposed to provide the so-called pieces of supportive advice, which will enable the mentee to make up her or his mind, based on their own beliefs.
Title: Draw the line when the time comes Content: When you are a mentor, you do your best to help your mentee to fulfill his or her goal.However, sometimes you can not provide the other with everything that is necessary or maybe you two just do not match as working partners. And this is when a line has to be drawn and the truth has to be spoken so people can make the right decision.
Title: Empowering your mentee Content: Mentoring has as ultimate goal the fact of making the mentee feel more self-confident and aware that he or she can achieve whatever planned.In order for this to happen, it is the mentor's duty to lead the mentee to the right questions, but not to the answers themselves.  
Title: Mentoring is no motherhood related Content: Mentoring is, in no way, a synonym for motherhood. Therefore, if you are a mentor, bear in mind that your mentees are not your children.You will do a great favor both to yourself and to them, by making sure that they behave responsibly and know their part. 
Title: The joy of being a mentor Content: Being a mentor means, above all, having a feeling of accomplishment when your mentee has reached the desired goal. Moreover, having succeeded to establish a great relationship throughout the working sessions can only lead to more joy. 