Exercise & Fitnesss,Food,Health,longevity
Title: Eat Plenty of Protein at Every Meal Content: Eating food increases your metabolism for a while because extra calories are required to process your meal. This is called the thermic effect of food (TEF).Protein increases your metabolic rate by 15-30%, carbs by 5-10% and 0-3% for fats. Eating protein makes you feel full and prevent overeating.
Title: Drink More Cold Water Content: Drinking water may speed up your metabolism for about an hour. This calorie-burning effect may be even greater if you drink cold water, as your body uses energy to heat it.Drinking water can also help you fill up and help you eat less, especially if you drink it half an hour before you eat.
Title: Do a High-Intensity Workout Content: High-intensity interval training (HIIT) involves short, intense bursts of activity and help you burn more fat by increasing your metabolic rate.
Title: Lift Heavy Things Content: Muscle is more metabolically active than fat, and building muscle can increase your metabolism, making you burn more calories.Lifting weights will help you retain muscle and prevent the drop in metabolism that occurs during weight loss.
Title: Stand up More Content: Long periods of sitting burn fewer calories and can lead to weight gain.If you have a desk job, try standing up for short periods. You can also invest in a standing desk.
Title: Drink Green Tea or Oolong Tea Content: Some studies found green tea and oolong tea can increase metabolism by 4-5%. The teas help convert some of the fat stored in your body into free fatty acids, which may increase fat burning by 10-17%.
Title: Eat Spicy Foods Content: Capsaicin, found in peppers, can boost your metabolism. At acceptable doses, pepper can burn ten additional calories per meal.
Title: A Good Night's Sleep Content: Lack of sleep is linked to an increase in the risk of obesity.A lack of sleep has been shown to boost the hunger hormone ghrelin and decrease the fullness hormone leptin. Not enough sleephas also been linked to increased blood sugar levels and insulin resistance, which are both linked to a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Title: Drink Coffee Content: Caffeine in coffee can boost metabolism by 3-11%. It also promotes fat burning. However, coffee affects lean women more, with fat burning by 29% compared to only 10% for obese women.
Title: Using Coconut Oil Content: The medium-chain fats in coconut oil increase your metabolism more than the long-chain fats found in foods like butter.Medium-chain fats increase metabolism by 12%, while long-chain fats raise it by 4%.