Problem Solving,Personal Development,Creativity
Title: The Eureka Myth Content: There is a big misconception that ideas generate like a flash. Researches show that such insights are actually the culminating result of prior hard work on a problem. It's like our brain is connecting the dots to form an image.
Title: The Breed Myth Content: A lot of people think that creative ability is a trait inherent in one’s heritage or genes. In fact, there is no such thing as a creative breed. Creative minds are not born, they are made. People who have confidence in themselves and work the hardest on a problem are the ones most likely to come up with a creative solution.
Title: The Originality Myth Content: There's a long-standing myth about intellectual property  - the idea that a creative idea is proprietary to the person who thought of it. But history and empirical research revealed that new ideas are actually combinations of older ideas and that sharing those helps generate more innovation.
Title: The Expert Myth Content: Many companies rely on a technical expert or team of experts to generate a stream of creative ideas. Harder problems call for even more knowledgeable experts. Instead, research suggests that particularly tough problems often require the perspective of an outsider or someone not limited by the knowledge of why something can’t be done.
Title: The Incentive Myth Content: This myth argues that that bigger incentives, monetary or otherwise, will increase motivation and hence increase innovation productivity. Incentives can help, but often they do more harm than good, as people learn to game the system.
Title: The Lone Creator Myth Content: People often think that striking creative works are just done by a single person, ignoring supportive work and collaborative preliminary effort.Creativity is often a team effort, and recent research into creative teams can help leaders build the perfect creative troupe.
Title: The Brainstorming Myth Content: Many people talk about brainstorming, as group discussions to explore every possible approach, no matter how far-out, to yield creative breakthroughs.But there is actually no proof  that just "throwing ideas around" consistently produces innovative breakthroughs.
Title: The Cohesive Myth Content: Believers in this myth want everyone to get along and work happily together to foster innovations. However, many of the most creative companies have found ways to structure dissent and conflict into their process to better push their employees' creative limits.
Title: The Constraints Myth Content: It states that constraints hinder a person from becoming fully innovative, compared to people that have "unlimited" resources. Research shows, however, that creativity loves constraints. So maybe companies should try doing the opposite: intentionally apply limits to leverage the creative potential of their people.
Title: The Mousetrap Myth Content: It states that once we have a new idea, the work is done. But the world won’t beat a path to our door or even find the door to an idea for a better mousetrap unless we communicate it, market it and find the right customers. 