Personal Development,Business,Problem Solving,Entrepreneurship,Startups
Title: You can’t figure out the future Content: Life doesn’t really go according to plan; yes, some people will do exactly what they set out to do, but you never know if you’re one of those.So if you can’t control the future, focus on what you can do right now that will help you no matter how the future looks like: learn skills, go on adventures, make friends. These things will help in any future.
Title: Getting comfortable with discomfort Content: The best things in life will most likely be hard, and if you spend your life avoiding discomfort, you’ll miss out. One of the most important skills you can develop is being okay with a degree of discomfort. If you get good at this, you can do anything. 
Title: Thriving in uncertainty Content: If you can accept uncertainty, you’ll be open to many more opportunities.If you’re afraid of uncertainty, you’ll skip starting a business, for example. You can’t really know for sure how things will turn out, and so if you have this need to control the outcome, you’ll avoid great opportunities.
Title: Learn about your mind Content: Fear controls us and most of us don't realize it. Changing mental habits is difficult because we are not always aware of what’s going on in our heads.Learn about how your mind works, and you’ll be much better at all of this. 
Title: Making people believe in you Content: You have to be able to make people believe in you enough to hire you or buy your products/service, which means you have to figure out why you’re worthy of someone believing in you. And you have to learn to communicate that to people so they’ll want to buy or hire you. 
Title: Becoming trustworthy Content: You can learn to be trustworthy by showing up on time, doing your best every time, being honest, admitting mistakes and finding solutions for fixing them, meeting deadlines, and being a good person overall.You’ll build a reputation this way and people will recommend you to others, which is the best way to get a job or investor.