Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Mental Health,Health
Title: Define balance for yourself Content: Balance looks different for everyone.It all depends upon what you value at any given time, what you want to achieve, and when you want to achieve it.But thinking of your career as something standing in opposition to everything else in your world will definitely make you miserable.
Title: What you say 'Yes' to Content: The wrong move is to say “yes” if you don’t have the available resources to do another task.If it’s not a ‘hell yes,’ then it’s a ‘no.’ That means if it’s a “maybe,” then it’s a “no.” 
Title: Make conscientious choices  Content: ... about how you spend your time. Others will come to value your time only if you value it first. For example, be aware of the calendar invitations that you accept. If it’s from your boss or client, you probably have to go. But if it’s a group meeting that you could easily catch up on from one of your colleagues, decline.
Title: Start each day with intention Content: ... and away from your inbox.Stuff always comes up, butgiving yourself a foundation, any foundation, on which to construct your priorities for the day will only keep you building a more productive life. You can’t control the chaos, but you can control your response to it. 
Title: Stick to your boundaries Content: Setting professional boundaries doesn’t mean that you have to be super rigid.Give yourself some flexibility to get involved with new adventures and projects (and understand that sometimes you have no choice but to say “yes” to that urgent task your boss just assigned you). Keep the context in mind.
Title: Put your phone down Content: Our phones can be some of the best tools out there, but only if we keep them solidly in that “tools” category of our lives and not make them an obsession.
Title: Practice self-care Content: ... before burnout symptoms arise.Making time for your emotional wellness is something only you can do. Sure, your friends and family can help you stick to a healthy schedule, but only you can manage your calendar in a way that allows for the practice of self-care every single day.