Personal Development,Mental Health,Psychology,Communication
Title: Pause Content: Pausing gives you time to stop and think before you act. Doing so can prevent you from doing things you'll later regret.If you feel your emotions getting out of control, take a pause. If possible, go for a short walk. Once you calm down, return and decide how to move forward.
Title: Mind Your Tone Content: We tend to respond to people using the same tone they use to speak to us.If you need to have an emotionally charged conversation, speak in a way that's calm and collected. And if a discussion begins to escalate, focus on softening your tone or lowering your voice; others are likely to mimic you.
Title: Mute Content: Sharing your opinion when others are aggravated can be counterproductive. If things get emotional, and you can’t leave, you may need to stop talking and let them express their feelings.Breathe deeply and remember that moods are temporary. And that their words at this point may be extreme or exaggerated; resist the urge to respond in kind. Often, once they let everything out, they'll calm down.
Title: Record Content: Recording means concentrated listening, with the intent to learn more about another's perspective. You're not trying to figure out how to reply; instead, you're listening to understand.As you tune into another, don't judge or offer advice. Instead, focus on learning more about how the other person sees you, how they see themselves, and how they see the situation.
Title: Examine The Issue Content: Emotionally charged discussions are often rooted in deep-seated issues that will continue springing up if left alone. Carefully think about where, when, and how to reintroduce the subject, and do it once everyone's had the chance to cool down.Opening with an apology, an expression of thanks, or by acknowledging where you and your communication partner agree may lead the other person to lower their guard and become more open to whatever you have to say.
Title: Think Of The Consequences Content: Forget about how you feel in the moment. Pause, step back and think of the short-term and long-term consequences of your actions.Doing so can help you think clearly, see the big picture, and make better decisions.
Title: Slow Down Content: Slowing down to analyze your negative emotions can help you figure out the underlying reasons behind your feelings and lead you to potential solutions.Ask yourself why you feel a certain way and what you need to change it. This can give you control of your feelings instead of leaving them in control of you.
Title: 2. Mind Your Tone Content: We tend to respond to people using the same tone they use to speak to us.If you need to have an emotionally charged conversation, speak in a way that's calm and collected. And if a discussion begins to escalate, focus on softening your tone or lowering your voice, others are likely to mimic you.
Title: 3. Mute Content: Sharing your opinion when others are aggravated can be counterproductive. If things get emotional, and you can’t leave, you may need to stop talking and let them express their feelings.Breathe deeply and remember that moods are temporary. And that their words at this point may be extreme or exaggerated; resist the urge to respond in kind. Often, once they let everything out, they'll calm down.
Title: 4. Record Content: Recording is concentrated listening, with the intent to learn more about another's perspective. You're not trying to figure out how to reply; instead, you're listening to understand.As you tune into another, don't judge or offer advice. Instead, focus on learning more about how the other person sees you, how they see themselves, and how they see the situation.
Title: 5. Examine The Issue Content: Emotionally charged discussions are often rooted in deep-seated issues that will continue springing up if left alone. Carefully think about where, when, and how to reintroduce the subject, and do it once everyone's had the chance to cool down.Opening with an apology, an expression of thanks, or by acknowledging where you and your communication partner agree may lead the other person to lower their guard and become more open to whatever you have to say.
Title: 6. Think Of The Consequences Content: Forget about how you feel in the moment. Pause, step back and think of the short-term and long-term consequences of your actions. Doing so can help you think clearly, see the big picture, and make better decisions.
Title: 7. Slow Down Content: Slowing down to analyze your negative emotions can help you figure out the underlying reasons behind your feelings and lead you to potential solutions.Ask yourself why you feel a certain way and what you need to change it can give you control of your feelings instead of leaving them in control of you.