Health,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Science & Nature,Food
Title: Addicted to Consuming Information Content: The amount of content on the Internet is huge and it’s practically impossible for us to consume it all. But we struggle with it anyway.This creates a situation where we are constantly digesting information mainly because “we have got to know this.” Even if we never apply that information in our own lives.
Title: Information Clutter Content: In the case of information, reading several articles and sources on the same topic can create a lot of clutter. Because it creates internal struggles and questions:What sort of information is important?This post said this is important while another post said it wasn’t important. What information is relevant here?What information should I internalize and apply?
Title: The LATCH principle Content: ... for organizing information:Location: put the most relevant stuff to be within reach.Alphabet: for organizing lists of people and statistics, dictionaries, and official documents.Time: used when providing step by step instructions or when things have to be in chronological order.Category: organize information by similarity or relatedness.Hierarchy: organizing information that is used collectively to compare things.
Title: Mind mapping Content: It's a method of capturing thoughts and organizing them in a visual way.This is an extremely effective tool to organize what matters most to you: If something is relevant to your goals and desires, write it down. If not, remove it from your mind.
Title: Using lists Content: Make a to-do list every day and use that to organize the most important tasks for you to complete that day.Lists help to organize what must be done and give you a sense of time management as well.
Title: Creating  collections Content: Put the notes that you make into specific groups of information. For example, if you have a lot of information on business ideas, or opportunities, write them in a book or place them in a digital document.Toss out the information you no longer need or have tried before.
Title: Prioritize key information Content: This strategy takes the idea of making lists to the next level: summarizing the information you consume or placing the key points in a list you can consult later.It doesn’t have to be organized in a collection or anything. The idea is that it’ll be easier to digest and process later when your brain has energy.