Personal Development,Psychology,Health,Product & Design
Title: Some Applications Of Color Content: Professions that rely heavily on visual mediums use color psychology to try to predict and instigate emotions in their target audience.People use colors and lighting to increase their well-being and productivity, and express their individuality.
Title: Tips for Using Color Psychology Content: Using your favorite color for everything may result in oversaturation.Choose colors according to context to avoid being inappropriate.Combining colors may communicate a different message than the colors would individually.Consider the functionality of the object when picking a color.Use colors to enhance your memory by highlighting important things and associating each color with its meaning.Be consistent with your color usage if you are defining colors for a business.
Title: Colors and Psychology Content: It investigates how the colors affect us. Colors can change our perception, alter our senses, make us emotional, improve our memory and attention, and even influence our decisions.The influence of colors can completely change the idea we have of a certain space or element. Colors interact with our memory, awaken feelings and guide reason and the associations that we develop to colors save our brains time, since they are processed unconsciously.
Title: Meaning of White Content: New beginnings, lightness, perfection, purity, peace, innocence, neutrality, impartiality etc. In hospitals, white is a predominant color, it is aseptic and conveys calm.It is an immaculate and impartial color. White is neutral and clean.
Title: Meaning of Yellow Content: Positive concepts like optimism, youth, confidence, and creativity.However, yellow is a contradictory color. It is also related to betrayal, greed, lies, insanity, warnings or socially rejected groups.
Title: Meaning of Orange Content: The orange color immediately captures the attention of the person staring.According to color psychology, orange represents extravagance, energy, transformation, and uniqueness.
Title: Meaning of Red Content: Red is the most passionate color, it catches our attention immediately. Red is linked to love, blood, joy, suspense, closeness, war or forbidden. It is shown on the road signs and sale prices. It is the color of urgency.It is impossible to go unnoticed that is why corrections on any task are made in this color. By the way, wearing this color has effects on sexual attraction, both in people and animals.
Title: Meaning of Pink Content: it represents sweetness, femininity, delicacy, charm, sensitivity, courtesy, illusion, eroticism, etc.Pink is one of the most popular colors in our culture, some love it and buy everything in this color and others find it irritating, sexist or cheesy. Fuchsia is usually associated with cheap and tacky products.
Title: Meaning of Purple Content: It is an unusual and enigmatic color. Purple is linked to luxury, religion, and sexuality. It is not frequent in nature and stands out over the rest if used correctly.It reflects nostalgia, fantasy, banality, ambition, vanity, etc.
Title: Meaning of Blue Content: Blue symbolizes harmony, fidelity, sympathy, peace, serenity, trust, honesty, communication, etc. It should not surprise us that several social networks (and all types of corporations) use it in their logos.It is suitable for homes and rooms that need a relaxing tone.
Title: Meaning of Green Content: Green is related to nature, it reminds us of grass, youth, hope, health, fertility, money, etc. According to color psychology, green is fresh and harmonious, peacefulness, youth, and tranquillity. People with environmental awareness are called “green”.
Title: Meaning of Brown Content: Brown represents laziness, vagrancy, filth, vulgarity or ugliness. It may seem bland and outdated. Brown is one of the least appreciated colors.However, it is also the color of wood and autumn, it reminds us of sturdy, warm and pleasant homes.
Title: Meaning of Gray Content: Gray mainly symbolizes old age and sobriety. It can be dark, mediocre and bland or related to cover ups such as “gray literature” or “gray areas”.
Title: Meaning of Black Content: Like for the color white, there is an open debate about whether black really is a color. According to color psychology, black is closely related to the world of night, power and death.It represents denial, mystery, mourning, hatred, cruelty, etc. People associate black cats with bad luck and nobody wants to have a black day.