Health,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Learning & Education
Title: Learn A New Skill Content: Learning a new skill can be tough. Those of us trying to master a new language, learn a musical instrument, or take an online course, will find that when the initial enthusiasm dries up, things move at a snail’s pace.It’s easy to assume that our brains aren’t capable, but that’s not true. Anyone can master a new discipline with the right tools and strategies.
Title: Make It A Challenge Content: Most learning techniques with lots of theory and colorful infographics do not assist in making the information stick in our minds.There is a need for ‘desirable difficulties’ which exercise our minds and translate into long-term retention of knowledge.
Title: A Pre-Test Quiz Content: .. or a Q&A session primes the brain to absorb the information afterward, and failing to answer it initially is part of the game. The brain needs to know that it doesn’t know.
Title: Teaching Others Content: Continuously quizzing yourself, something called ‘retrieval practice’ jogs the memory and builds stronger traces. The harder the retrieval is, the stronger the memory formation.Teaching others is an excellent way to gain in-depth knowledge of a subject.
Title: Mix It Up Content: Spending too much time on one topic can be counterproductive. It is better to switch and rotate between topics, something called ‘interleaving’.The technique has an in-built momentary confusion once you switch back and forth, resulting in a better long-term recall of the material.
Title: Get Moving Content: Cardiovascular exercise makes us better learners, triggering dopamine and epinephrine in our brains, providing us with a natural memory boost.
Title: Change Your  Environment Content: Our memory is contextually sensitive, making our surroundings affect its functioning.Studies show that changing the place of learning can help retain and recall the topics better.
Title: Do Nothing Content: Recovery is a must for learning. Taking time off does not mean more brain stimulation like TV or video games. It means just closing your eyes and doing nothing.Surprisingly, that is when the brain gets to work, cementing what you have learned.