Personal Development,Productivity
Title: The junk drawer Content: The "junk drawer" has become a universally acknowledged space where you store all the things that doesn't seem to have a place. It is not always a drawer - it could be a room, box, or a corner in the attic. In truth, most of us have one, and almost none of us know how to deal with it.
Title: Discard before organizing Content: Don't think how you will organise items if you're still considering what to keep. You can only assess available storage space when you're done decluttering.Sort and throw away first before you put back the stuff you've been collecting in your junk drawer.
Title: Tidy by category, not location Content: Gather all the items of one category in one spot. You can only decide what to keep and what to discard if you know what you have and how much you have.Categorization is important in the process of decluttering. The five main categories are clothes, books, paper, miscellaneous, mementos. Gather and assess all like items at the same time. If you have two junk drawers, tackle the objects in both spaces at the same time.
Title: Tackle one group of items at a time Content: You can have as many subcategories as you need for your home. When it comes to organizing, is easier to start with larger items.Approach the items according to categories. For example, get all your safety pins in one area and all your paper things in one spot. Then ask how many safety pins do you really need?
Title: Treat the drawer like a dresser Content: Everything in a junk drawer should be uniform and seen.Ideally, put the items in small boxes and dividers. Then make them visible by storing things vertically. You want to see what you have.
Title: Split your loose paper pile in three Content: Paper piles include mail, bills, receipts, and magazines. When you can't throw anything away, follow a three-folder filing system:Pending papers: Anything that requires action, like a bill you have to pay.Forever papers: Birth certificates and mortgage documents that you don't handle often.Temporary papers: This folder is for papers you know you'll let go of in the future, like warranties, lease agreements, or study materials.