Food,Health
Title: The dangers of sweet stuff Content: One teaspoon of sugar contains 16 calories. The average person eats 22 teaspoons of sugar daily, which can add hundreds of calories without any nutritional value.Sugar raises and then drops your blood glucose levels, leaving you fatigued, forgetful and irritable.Extra sugar increases your risk of obesity and may set you up for diabetes.The more added sugar a person takes in, the higher the risk of dying of heart disease.
Title: Sugar detox Content: Weaning yourself from sugar can be tough because sugar hides in so many foods. Sugar is addictive, but it is worth trying to eliminate it from your diet.
Title: Refined white sugar Content: The bloodstream absorbs this simple sugar quickly, causing surges in blood glucose and insulin levels.Refined sugar can be found in many food products, from ketchup to bread to salad dressing.Molasses, honey and maple syrup have the same harmful effects as white sugar.
Title: Sweets you can eat Content: Sugar, such as fructose in fruit and lactose in milk are safe alternatives as long as they are consumed in their original food form.The sugar in fruit is in proportion to the amount of fiber and other nutrients in it.
Title: Sugar replacements Content: Artificial sweeteners like aspartame or saccharin my lead to increased hunger, weight gain and diabetes.
Title: Going sugar-free Content: Going cold turkey on sweet stuff can lead to intense withdrawal symptoms such as headaches, anxiety and mood swings.It may be better to wean yourself off it one step at a time, so your body can adjust.
Title: Give up sugary drinks Content: Sweetened beverages contain sugar that adds calories without satisfying hunger.One can of cola contains nine teaspoons of sugar, a third more than the six teaspoons daily limit.Substitute fruit juice for fruit-infused bottled water or water with fresh fruit slices added to it.
Title: Simple-carb sweet treats Content: Pastries, cookies, muffins, and other white-bread, refined-flour treats are dense with added sugar, but with little nutritional value.Instead, eat whole grains as they provide complex sugars that are absorbed more slowly.
Title: Sugary restaurant food Content: Many types of takeout or eat-in cuisine are smothered in sauces or coatings made with added sugar. Examples includesweet and sour pork, glazes, condiments, and pasta sauces.
Title: Reduce table sugar Content: If you're used to adding sweetener to your food and drinks, consider easing out from the habit.If you add two spoons of sugar or honey in your tea or coffee, cut it back to one sugar for a week, then to zero. Consider doing the same on your cereals or pancakes.