Personal Development,Health,Mindfulness,Mental Health,Communication
Title: You are not your thoughts Content: Most of us will do anything not to feel worried or dissatisfied and will try and find ways to soothe ourselves or find ways out of our problems.However, the key to healing and understanding our potential is to change our relationship to our thoughts and emotions.
Title: Separate thoughts from the act of thinking Content: We usually buy into what our feelings tell us and allow them to overly direct our actions and choices.Instead, notice the act of thinking without getting tangled in your thoughts. See your thoughts as ongoing attempts to make meaning of the world — give them power only to the degree that they help you.
Title: Disobey yourself on purpose Content: The mind's power over you is an illusion. For instance, say one thing while doing the opposite. You will find that it is possible to do the opposite of what you are thinking. (For example, type, I cannot type this sentence, while you are typing the sentence.) Regularly doing this exercise can give you more freedom to do hard things.
Title: Give your mind a name Content: We usually feel that we can choose to agree with someone else, while we don't feel we can choose to disagree with ourselves.By giving your mind a name, you can feel separated from it because it is now different from you.
Title: Your mind is trying to problem-solve Content: Consider having a conversation with your mind wherein you appreciate what it is trying to do, but knowing that you don't have to agree.
Title: Sing it Content: This method is useful when you have a thought that is nagging you. Sing something like "Happy Birthday". The thought does not have to go away. However, you will see it more clearly as just another thought.
Title: Carry it with you Content: Write down a recurring thought. Maybe its "I'm stupid" or "I'm unloveable." Then look at it as if it is something that is no longer part of you.If you are willing to honor that history, carry the paper with you and acknowledge it as part of your journey.