Remote Work,Productivity,Problem Solving,Time Management,Meditation
Title: Bad Strategy: The “2-Minute Rule” Content: Every time we move from one task to the next, we are adding transition time. This process adds as much as 10-20 minutes between tasks.Instead of stopping what you had planned to do, carry a notebook and write down the tasks that pop up in the middle of the important activity you’re currently doing. Then carve out times during the day or week to go back and review what you’ve written in this “catch-all” list.
Title: Our productivity capability can be divided into three energy patterns: Content: Genius zone is the period of the day when you’re at peak mental ability and should tackle tasks that require more focus.Kinetic zone is a period of high physical energy or intense mental energy — your brain is moving a mile a minute and you’re able to focus, but for shorter periods of time. You should tackle shorter, more interactive tasks during this period since you’re going to want to jump from task to task.Recharge zone is the period where your energy is low, you can’t focus, and you feel very overwhelmed. For some people, this is the time of day when you feel like taking a nap. Take 10 to 15 minutes to recharge during this period — take a walk, stretch, or talk to someone.
Title: Warm up to daunting tasks by starting with easier ones Content: Every time you start losing traction on the more daunting task, return to a task that’s shorter or more energizing, and as soon as your brain kicks in, jump back into the more daunting task.
Title: Instead of keeping a to-do list, plan by project Content: Ask yourself: What are the projects I really need completed now? Then narrow down that project list to no more than seven, including any that are lingering unfinished. Once a week, look at your projects and ask yourself, “What do I need to do this week that would make that project progress?”
Title: Time management is a misnomer Content: Time is not under your control. Time is a fluid thing. You can’t accumulate it or bottle it. When it’s gone, it’s gone. What you do have control over is what you do with your time and the energy you expend on a task. Manage your energy, not your time.