Meditation,Mindfulness,Health
Title: Why People Meditate Content: People meditate, not out of obligation or a hope that it will be helpful. They meditate because it creates very visible, very real positive changes in their lives.
Title: The Benefits of Meditation Content: Reduces Painwithout releasingpain-reducing chemicals, called opioids.Reduces Blood PressureEase Symptoms Of Anxiety And DepressionHelp You Quit Smoking (And Other Bad Habits)Meditation will give you nearly a90% chance of stopping smoking and never relapsing.Become More Spiritual And Improve Your Life
Title: Start Small Content: Focus only on meditating 2-5 minutes each day, then after seven days, add 2-5 more minutes.It’s not the length of time that matters, it’s merely the consistency and commitment to doing it every day that counts.
Title: Remember, It’s Easy Content: It’s easy to get lost in the idea that you have to have the perfect space, the perfect meditation cushionandbe in a perfect position.Meditation should feel natural and easy, even if that means just sitting in your car on your lunch break.
Title: Stick With A Method Content: Choose one type of meditation and stick with it for at least a month. If, after that time, you don’t feel like it’s working for you, explore something else.
Title: Be Kind To Yourself Content: Meditation is a respite, a quiet time, a time to be at peace with yourself. Treat yourself with complete compassion and kindness when you meditate.
Title: Be Patient With Yourself Content: We love to put pressure on ourselves to be perfect all the time, but meditation is not the time and place for that.Allow yourself room to breathe and practice patience along with compassion for yourself.
Title: Practice Non-Judgement Content: It’s easy to think that being distracted, fidgeting, or having your mind wander is a negative experience.Meditation isn’t about fighting or resisting those natural occurrences. It’s about experiencing them and allowing them.
Title: Find A Meditation Buddy Content: You can practice meditations together and share your experiences, or you can simply hold each other accountable.We’re more likely to commit to something when we’ve told someone else we’re going to do it.
Title: Building a Habit of Meditation Content: Choose Your One Habit & commit to it.Attach meditation to your morning routine.Tell Someone. Itis extremely powerful for building a habit.Reward Yourself to keep you motivated.Make Meditation Part Of Who You Are.Meditate Every Day.