Videos,Entertainment
Title: ASMR Content: ASMR (autonomous sensory meridian response) is a pleasurable feeling or a sensation that people experience during a stimulating audio-visual activity, that is relaxing and deeply personal, or an activity that involves a simple, therapeutic role-play. It is a kind of art-form that is soothing and sleep-inducing.
Title: ASMR: The tingling sensation Content: ASMR is a personal, individual experience, with very little science behind it. People enjoy a deeply relaxing whispering video or a role-play, which gives them a tingling sensation on the back of their head and spine. It may be a mundane, monotonous activity like tapping, stirring, or crinkling objects, but they kick in a pleasure sensation in many.The feeling varies and is somewhat similar to a sexual turn-on, in many cases.
Title: Having ASMR Content: People get tingles through different kinds of sensory inputs.Some people find out at an early age that they feel a therapeutic high when they are touched or tickled and love the attention they are given.Others find that some simple activities or role-plays put them in a trance-like state.
Title: ASMR Videos Content: Thousands of creative videos can be found on YouTube for ASMR. They mostly involve soothing visuals and sounds, like someone whispering a story in the microphone, or using something seemingly dull like a hairdryer, or someone acting as a nurse or a beautician to help people relax.
Title: ASMR in the news Content: ASMR is a growing creative outlet with millions of viewers and followers.Reddit has a subreddit on it with 130,000 subscribers. The New York Times, Washington Post, and BuzzFeed have covered it.
Title: ASMR for relaxation Content: Similar to people liking cat videos or political debates on the internet, ASMR, which is a newly discovered 'likeness', makes people relax and at ease.Watching someone whispering to relax, is a need for some, which is now taken care of by the internet.
Title: The Future of ASMR Content: ASMR will most likely remain a niche for a number of people on the internet since not everybody experiences it.But there are some technological advancements that could greatly advance ASMR. Virtual reality, in particular, has a lot of ASMR video makers and viewers excited since it could bring a whole new level of immersion to the experience.