Psychology,Health,Mental Health,Human Resources,Science & Nature
Title: Emotional Management Content: Why are employers so interested in resilience training these days? And who benefits from workers’ emotion management strategies? Perhaps more importantly: what do these questions have in common? In our new article ‘Emotion management and solidarity in the workplace: A call for a new research agenda ’ in The Sociological Review , we propose a few ways to think about the challenge of managing emotions at work.The skills associated with emotion management, emotion regulation and emotional intelligence are increasingly valued in the modern workplace. They are linked to lower levels of attrition , higher levels of performance , and effective forms of collaboration . Arguably, modern workplaces require more ‘filtering’ of emotional performances than in previous generations and this is increasingly being guided by policies and guidelines, rather than informal knowledge. But what is emotion management and who is it good for?In our paper, we return to Hochschild’s famous observation that emotion management takes a lot of work. It is exhausting; when performed in a shallow (‘surface acting’) way, it is linked to higher levels of burnout and distress . Perhaps most importantly, it is a highly gendered, racialized and class-based phenomenon. The work of emotion management is typically forced on those with less power, and historically has added to forms of unpaid labour in female-dominated industries like nursing, customer service roles, and in the case of our paper, teaching.We argue that emotion management is an important feature of social interaction, but assuming that ‘more is always better’ creates potentially dangerous working environments. We also challenge the assumption that being emotionally resilient necessarily means that a person is going to be happier or have better mental health; it may just increase the work stress that they are expected to absorb. Therefore, emotion management should not be implemented as a workplace strategy without due consideration.