Health,Food,Personal Development,Science & Nature
Title: Microbes Content: Research found the following difference in stomach microbes of different individuals:Intestinal microbes of people living in villages, having a natural diet, are much more complex, and can degrade fiber.People in cities, eating a western diet, have microbes in their stomach adapted towards processing protein, fats, and sugars.
Title: Wrong Baseline Data Content: Due to the new kinds of microbes discovered in villagers, all the previous research on diet and microbes, which used the baseline data of the Western civilization microbe, thought to be the healthy and normal microbe, is now incorrect.
Title: Digesting Fibre Content: The Western world has stomach microbial communities that could digest junk food and might re-diversify and recover (to a limited extent) if we just ate more whole grains and veggies.
Title: Internal Extinction Content: The microbial die-outs, a form of mutation inside our stomach due to our specific diets, gets compounded across generations.This is leading to a sort of internal 'extinction' of microbes, which were abundant inside our ancestors, but are not present in us.
Title: Microbial Extinction Content: As Western civilization fails to nourish key microbes, the type of food taken is starving them out of existence. Many factors cause this:Antibiotics 'nuke' our internal ecosystems, killing all good microbes.Sanitary facilities of the modern age prevent the sharing of disease, along with health-promoting microbes.City life limits our exposure to soil, plant and animal microbes.
Title: New Kinds of Diseases Content: As the Medical and Pharma industries get equipped with better research and technology, there should ideally be a decline in diseases.Instead, we have an increase in non-communicable diseases.This rise can be blamed partly to the microbial extinction inside us, altered by Sanitation, Antibiotics and Junk food.
Title: A Stronger Immunity Content: Westerners who grew up in villages, in farms, living among livestock at a ranch, or are exposed to certain infections at an early age, tend to have a lower risk of autoimmune diseases.
Title: Fiber-Rich Diet Content: Americans consume less fiber than what is recommended, eating fewer nuts, whole grains and fruits and vegetables.A fiber-rich balanced diet is known to prevent colon cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
Title: Chronic inflammation Content: Regular poor diet leads to a rise in endotoxins in our bloodstream, making the immune system respond to this by inflammation.Chronic inflammation, every time we eat junk food, leads to cellular dysfunction and diseases of the stomach and organs.