Teamwork,Communication,Career,Leadership & Management,Remote Work
Title: Managing Your Boss Content: Managing one’s boss can be a challenge, and most people have problems and frustrations with their superiors.Working optimally with your boss means trying to produce the best possible results in an organization, keeping your stress levels low and increasing your happiness. It helps to have clarity about your options, keeping your sanity and focusing on what you can control.
Title: Talk About Priorities Content: Try connecting with your manager on a regular basis, clearing the work goals and priorities of the coming weeks or months. Ensure that this line of communication is open so that there is clarity on both sides.
Title: Regular Touchpoints Content: Just like setting priorities, there has to be a regular touchpoint system established, for checking in and getting queries solved. Maintaining regularity of the meeting is imperative, though there are bound to be cancellations due to other priorities of your boss. It helps to take this into account and pushing for the meeting nonetheless.
Title: Make It Easy For The Boss Content: Keeping emails concise and taking the bosses written approvals in a simple Yes or No can be helpful. Make sure the text is to-the-point, with suggested solutions, so that the boss can answer quickly.
Title: Ask For Feedback Content: Timely feedback of your work is to be provided by the boss on a regular basis, rather than springing a surprise in the performance review. Asking proactively for feedback will correct the problems (if any) when it is not too late.
Title: Boss Management Content: Don’t Take Things Personally: It helps to have a ‘thick skin’ and keep your ego out of your boss’s ultimate decision which may not be your preference.Your Boss Is Human Too: Your boss can also feel frustrated, flustered or in need of a good word. Being human also brings in envy or insecurity in a person, so you have to consider that while dealing with your boss.Avoid Ambiguity: Keeping things written down, and clear helps avoid misunderstandings, miscommunications and ambiguity. Being organized and easy to work with can help you deal with your boss efficiently.