Habits,Reading & Writing,Productivity,Mindfulness,Meditation
Title: Start somewhere Content: A month and a half ago though, a good friend told me about her gratitude journaling, which was helping her be more mindful. At that moment, I was in huge need of something positive and was open to all ideas. And I am beyond thankful to my brain for being open to this one too!I decided to start the habit too, because I was in huge need of something to remind myself of how to be happy, kinder to myself and see life with a less cynical if not more positive lens. Here’s my guide to a non-diary writer about how to keep up a gratitude journaling habit!Bonus: A gratitude journal doesn’t have to be like a conventional diary, but it is definitely equally, if not more, helpful.
Title: Find an accountability partner Content: It can be really hard to get into something without feeling an actual reward for it. Motivation is something that should ideally be intrinsic, but in some cases, it may just not be there at the moment, and that’s where an accountability partner. My teammates are my accountability partners. We made ourselves accountable to each other while starting positive habits like meditation, gratitude journaling and more. The point is to report to that partner everyday – find someone who is also trying to make the same habit!
Title: Doesn't have to be a "diary" Content: So you hate writing in a diary? Fine. Add it to the Notes App on your phone. Or download one of those apps! Or, be a loner like me – make a WhatsApp group with just one other person, remove them from it – now you have a group all to yourself and you can keep voice-noting or messaging yourself! (It works!) Gratitude journaling is not exactly like writing a diary! You can keep your points brief or elaborate: really up to you – I write in short hand sometimes.
Title: Set a routine around gratitude journaling Content: Setting a time and place is always a good way to avoid forgetting about something. Based on your schedule, choose a time for everyday that you’ll spend 2 minutes to write down the things you are grateful for on that day. I prefer right before bed, but I know people who do it as soon as they wake up! Whatever floats your boat!
Title: Reflection Content: The best part? I wrote down 3 almost inconsequential things per day even on bad days, but looking back a week later, I saw 21 small and big things in my life that I am grateful for, and it helped me realize not to take myself too seriously and actually be “stupidly excited” about the little things. My entry from 29 May, when I tripped and fell says “Grateful that I only have a tiny bump on my head.” And now, all I can do is laugh about it! It’s important to look back to see that you have come far. And also to appreciate some things every day, even if they seem inconsequential.
Title: Find An Accountability Partner Content: Motivation should ideally be intrinsic, but in some cases, it may just not be there at the moment, and that’s where an accountability partner comes handy. My teammates are my accountability partners. We made ourselves accountable to each other while starting positive habits like meditation, gratitude journaling and more. Report to that partner everyday – find someone who is also trying to make the same habit!
Title: Take Some Time To Look Back Content: Write down 3 good things per day even on bad days, and looking back a week later, you see 21+ small and big things in life that you are grateful for! It's good to be excited about the little things. It’s important to look back to see that you have come so far. Appreciate some things every day, even if they seem inconsequential.
Title: Set a Semi-Flexible Routine Around It Content: Setting a time and place is always a good way to avoid forgetting about something. Based on your schedule, choose a time for everyday that you’ll spend 2 minutes to write down the things you are grateful for on that day. I prefer right before bed, but I know people who do it as soon as they wake up! Whatever floats your boat!