Health,Personal Development,Habits
Title: Our Internal Biological Clock Content: If we want to get more out of each day, we might need to consider synchronizing with our own internal body clock, working according to our peak periods of creativity, energy and activity.  Our biological clock controls most of our body’s functions, like the circadian rhythms that manage the sleep and wake cycles. People working in shifts, for example, are thrown off their natural clocks, and experience fatigue, jet lag or sleep disturbances.
Title: Our Natural Internal Thermostat Content: Our mental alertness, mood, stress, hunger levels, heart mechanism, and immunity are controlled by the various rhythms synced to the thermostat-like biological clock in our body.Circadian rhythms control our eating habits, body temperature, digestion, hormone levels, resulting in a huge impact on our overall health. Any interruption in our circadian rhythm can lead to many health conditions known as lifestyle diseases.
Title: The Best Time For Our Activities Content: Sleeping: Our age determines our body’s sleep cycle, with teens leading more sleep than adults. Afternoon naps are great for your health.Eating: The time we eat might help us control our metabolism and prevent gastronomical problems, and altering your eating schedule resets your biological clock.Exercising: Regular exercise is a must, and physical strength is at its peak from 2:00 pm to 6:00 pm.Thinking: Our minds usually work best in the morning, making it the best time to tackle heavy activities. Concentration dips in the daytime when we feel sluggish, but new studies find that creativity is enhanced in a tired brain.
Title: Changing Your Circadian Rhythm Content: One can establish a productive daily schedule by:Establishing a sleep schedule, where you wake up (and go to bed) at the same time, and do not hit the snooze button.Giving your new schedule some time to sink in, and not giving up.Paying attention to your energy levels, which are unique to you, and shifting your activities accordingly.Our busy schedules often throw the natural cycles of our body off-track. If we go against nature, here are bound to be health implications. Some people perform better in the early hours of the day, while others are at their peak in the evening.