Teamwork,Communication,Career,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Using office politics to your advantage Content: Office politics are a reality, and avoiding them altogether risks not having a say in what happens. It also allows people with less experience, skill or knowledge than you to influence decisions that affect you and your team.
Title: Analyze the organization chart Content: Map the political power and influence in your organization, rather than people's rank or job title.Ask yourself questions like, "Who are the real influencers?," "Who has authority but tends not to exercise it?," "Who is respected?," "Who champions or mentors others?," and "Who is the brains behind the business?"
Title: Understand the informal network Content: Examine people's interactions and relationships to understand the informal or social networks.Watch closely (but discreetly and respectfully) to find out who gets along with who, and who finds it more difficult to interact with others. Notice whether connections are based on friendship, respect, romance, or something else.
Title: Build connections Content: Look beyond your immediate team, and cross the formal hierarchy in all directions – co-workers, managers and executives. Don't be afraid of politically powerful people. Get to know them, and build high-quality connections that avoid empty flattery.
Title: Interpersonal skills Content: Reflect on your emotions, what prompts them, and how you handle them. This kind of emotional intelligence helps you to pick up on other people's emotions, too, and to understand what kind of approach they like or dislike.
Title: Make the most of your network Content: Through your relationships, you can build your personal brand and raise your team's profile.When you communicate your achievements to your connections, they might open up opportunities for you, your team, and your boss. Always keep your organization's goals in mind, and don't "badmouth" others.
Title: Keep an eye on the "bad" politics Content: Get to know the gossips and manipulators better.Be courteous but guarded, as they may repeat what you say with a negative "spin." Try to understand their goals, so that you can avoid or counter the impact of their negative politicking.
Title: Avoid fueling negative behaviors Content: Avoid passing on rumorswithout considering their credibility;Assume that whatever you say will be repeated, so choose carefully what "secrets" you reveal.Remain professional   at all times, and don't take sides.If you're voicing concerns or criticism   of your own, be confident and assertive but not aggressive.