Exercise & Fitnesss,Food,Sports,Podcasts,Science & Nature
Title: The Skin You're In Content: Articles on protecting your body's biggest organ from all kinds of internal and external stressors 
Title: The Skin You're in  Content: Since skin is your body’s largest organ, your overall health affects its appearance. How you treat your body – everything you do – affects your skin. The biggest aging influences are stress, smoking, alcohol, drugs, and exposure to sun and chemicals. You’ll make a dramatic impact if you can avoid these.Sleep allows your body to repair itself. It is probably the single most important thing you can do to look younger.Sleep on Your Back. Sleeping on yourstomach or side presses your face into the pillow, reinforcing and even creating lines andwrinkles. Sleep on your back. Excess fluids will also drain, reducing morning puffiness.Use complete sun protection every day. Physical barriers such as hats and sun shieldsare best, but lots of sunscreen will help, too. This doesn’t mean just at the beach. Applysun screen in the car if you spend a lot of time driving. Keep some in the car. Nourisse Naturals 50+ 100% Mineral Sun Powder is ideal for this.To learn more, see www.nourisse.com Exercise keeps blood and nutrients flowing to all parts of your body and makes you feeland look younger. Nothing rejuvenates the skin, and acts as an anti-aging treatmentmore than getting your heart pumping and your blood flowing. Even only 10 minutes aday of aerobic activity has now been proven to make a noticeable difference.Gentle skin massage is another way to get your blood flowing. Starting with your jaw line,use the soft pads of your fingertips to slowly and gently press in on the same area on eachside of your face. Take three seconds to slowly press in, three seconds to hold and threeseconds to slowly pull away. Be sure your movements are in an upwards direction. Repeatthis all over your face to encourage fluid movement. Pressing up just under your eyebrows(gently!) will reduce puffiness and give a bit of a lift.