Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Philosophy
Title: Timing Is Everything Content: We have to go after what we want, but sometimes life differs from our expectations. The environment, the circumstances, and other people may all have incompatibilities that do not coincide with our dreams.Sometimes it takes time for all the variables to line up and to work in your favor. Timing is everything; and only when you are patient, humble and dedicated, can success be attained.
Title: Live And Flourish Content: Only say what is important, do not try to explain to others how much you know or how much you have accomplished. Show them through your actions and work towards not been affected by their opinion.A happy person who has something that you lack will never show it off. Humility builds character; it allows one to grow and prosper without stressing about what others think.
Title: Understand Yourself Through Discipline Content: We must not forget to reflect on how we truly feel, to assess what we are aiming for and if we are capable of reaching what’s best for us.Look towards others for guidance, but don’t forget we experience life differently and comparing yourself to others leads to a less satisfying life. It takes strength to be set on your goals, but it takes even more strength to accept that plans change and that your well-being is more important than the plan you made a few years ago.
Title: Don't Participate In Negativity Content: Negativity, hate and hurtful critiques need not be shared or carried forward in our lives. Speaking against abusive behaviors is necessary, but actively looking to gossip and antagonize others fosters discrimination and division.Thus, we must keep a good company and not say all we think.
Title: Difficulties Breed Wisdom  Content: Your judgment concerning a challenge or difficulty will determine the outcome of that incident on your mental, emotional and physical state.Difficulties test our values and create, or solidify our morals. Treat everything as something you can learn from, and you will educate yourself on the art of living a balanced, undisturbed life.