Health,Personal Development,Time Management,Money & Investments
Title: Don't Skip Your Vacantion Content: Studies show that working for extended periods of time without a break has an adverse effect on one’s overall performance. Going on a (relaxing) vacation has immense benefits like greater creativity, lower stress and improved productivity. Taking a mental time off from work while on vacation creates a creative space inside our heads, making us work better once we are back. 
Title: Planning For A Vacantion Content: Poorly planned vacation time can diminish the positive aspects of a vacation, making it something out of a horror movie. Planning ahead makes us look forward to a vacation and adds an atmosphere of growth to our lives.Instead of planning an elaborate far away vacation, plan for something nearby that is a short drive from home.We need to have a realistic look at our options and identify the type of experience that would be ideal for us. Each of us has our own preferences of what nourishes us and helps us rejuvenate. Some like walking in nature, others may like adventure sports or to be at the beach, soaking up the much-needed sunlight.
Title: The Outdoors And Our Mental Health Content: Spending time in nature is beneficial for us in countless ways, and we can reap tremendous rewards by being out in the woods for just two hours a week.Activities like a morning walk, a beach picnic, or a trip to a nearby lake can have a calming effect on the mind and don't take more than a day of our time.
Title: Work Vacations Content: Almost 65 percent of Americans work while on vacation. The main part of the vacation, unplugging our brains from the work routine is lost if we bring our work to our vacation, and makes us hate both work and our activities that are supposed to be fun.This affects our intrinsic motivation and transforms our vacation into another stressful chore.
Title: Creating Positive Memories Content: Studies show that when we recall our past happy memories, we reduce our stress and anxiety.Creating memories is crucial as life goes by pretty fast and the short vacation trip may be one of the few chances we get to create lasting memories, as we go by in our mundane work lives.