Health,Food
Title: Food Allergies Content: Food allergies happen when your body reacts in a mild or a severe manner after consuming a type of food that your body is supersensitive to.Severe food allergies in which the body exhibits serious symptoms like slow pulse, blood pressure drop and wheezing/dizziness (anaphylaxis), are getting increasingly common, with a quarter of people having allergies experiencing them. Anaphylaxis cases are on the upswing across the world, just as food allergies become widespread. While the data is tricky, multiple sources point towards a 7 percent rise in food allergies worldwide as of 2018.
Title: Hygiene Hypothesis Content: Many experts say that the cleaner people are in everyday life, insulated from dust and viruses, the more likely they are to contract severe allergies. This is due to the fact that many microorganisms that the body encounters in the outside world educate the body and populates the gut with microorganisms that strengthen the immune system.Example: A study in Denmark proved that households with more cats and dogs have less allergic disorders.
Title: Antibiotic Madness Content: A study shows that the more antibiotics a child intakes during childhood, the more the probability is of them contracting food allergies. This is because antibiotics ‘nuke’ the gut bacteria, most of which is healthy.
Title: Dual-Allergen Exposure Theory Content: Fearfully avoiding certain foods right from childhood (like peanuts) does not expose the child’s body to the ingredients, leaving it poorer and more susceptible to allergies in adulthood, even if the food isn’t consumed directly.  The body didn’t get the chance to build immunity towards the particular food, and the person is at risk while in contact with others who have consumed the food, or intake it in other forms (like while applying cream that has that food ingredient).
Title: Allergies And The Lack of Vitamin D Content: Lack of Vitamin D is playing havoc to the development of our immunoregulatory systems. The more we stay indoors, the less sun we get in our bodies, making it produce less of Vitamin D.We also get allergic to the sun and apply sunscreens, which many studies point out are not as helpful as touted earlier. While too much of Vitamin D may also be detraminial, we need to apply natural essential oils and get more sun for building our immune system.