Teamwork,Communication,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Goals and directors of a meeting Content: Without someone clearly responsible, meetings have a high risk of being directionless and unproductive.Every meeting should be aimed at achieving someone’s goals; that person is the one responsible for the meeting and decides what they want to get out of it and how they will do so.
Title: Align objectives with appropriate types of communication Content: Make clear what type of communication you are going to have in light of the objectives and priorities.If your goal is to have people with different opinions work through their differences (i.e., open-minded debate), you’ll run your meeting differently than if its goal is to educate.
Title: Asertiveness and open-mindedness Content: It is up to the meeting leader to balance conflicting perspectives, push through impasses and decide how to spend time wisely.If you’re running the conversation, you should be weighing the potential cost in the time that it takes to explore opinions of inexperienced employees versus the potential gain in being able to assess their thinking and gain a better understanding of what they’re like.
Title: Watch out for “topic slip" Content: Topic slip is random drifting from topic to topic without achieving completion on any of them.One way to avoid is by tracking the conversation on a whiteboard so that everyone can see where you are.
Title: Enforce logic in conversations Content: People’s emotions tend to heat up when there is a disagreement. Remain calm and analytical at all times; it is more difficult to shut down a logical exchange rather than an emotional one.
Title: Assigning personal responsibilities Content: Often, groups will make a decision to do something without assigning personal responsibilities, so it is not clear who is supposed to follow up by doing what.Be clear in assigning personal responsibilities.
Title: The “2-minute rule” Content: It establishes that you have to give someone 2 uninterrupted minutes to explain their thinking, before jumping in with your own.This ensures everyone has time to communicate their thoughts without worrying they will be misunderstood or drowned out by a louder voice.
Title: Watch out for assertive “fast talkers Content: They things faster than they can be assessed, as a way of pushing their agenda past other people’s examination or objections.If you’re feeling pressured, say something like, “I’m going to need to slow you down so I can make sense of what you’re saying.” Then, ask your questions.
Title: Achieve completion in conversations Content: Conversations that fail to reach completion are a waste of time.When there is an exchange of ideas, it is important to end it by stating the conclusions. If there is agreement, say it; if not, say that. When further action has been decided, get those tasks on a to-do list, assign people to do them, and specify due dates