Health,Personal Development,Habits
Title: The Brain as a Snowy Hill Content: The snowy hill represents the brain, the people sledding are like the memories, and the trails left behind are the synapses in the brain.Think of the brain as a hill covered in snow, and thoughts as sleds gliding down that hill. As one sled after another goes down the hill a small number of main trails will appear in the snow. And every time a new sled goes down, it will be drawn into preexisting trails, almost like a magnet. In time it becomes more and more difficulty to glide down the hill on any other path or in a different direction.
Title: Memory Palace/The Method of Loci Content: A method to enhance memory using visualizations with the use of spatial memory.Choose a place that you know really well.Plan the route and pick specific locations in your route.Decide what you want to memorizePlace an object or two, with a mental image, and place them in your memory palace.Exaggerate your images. For example, use nudity or crazy images forcing it to stick in your mind.Make the image into a mnemonic
Title: Mnemonics Content: Amemory device that helps you retain and retrieve information simply with the use of retrieval cues to encode information in the brain.List the words you want to remember.Write the initials of each word vertically.Create a sentence/phrase using the initials.
Title: Mnemonic Peg System Content: ... is atechnique in memorizing lists by memorizing the words that rhyme with a number easy to associate with the word you want to remember.Assign an easy word that rhymes with every number.For example: 0 = hero, 1 = bun, 2 = shoe, 3 = tree, ...Associate the words you want to remember with the number system you created.
Title: Chunking Content: ... is away to remember large bits of information by chunking them into smaller pieces of information.Write down the numbers or content you want to remember.Cut the numbers to segments or divide the content to phrases through chunking.
Title: Transfer by Learning Content: ... is a way to learn something in one area and apply it to another.Vertical Transfer/Far Transfer:Learning of something in the early years and applying it later in life.Horizontal Transfer/Near Transfer:Learning a concept from a certain subject and applying it to another.