Personal Development,Mental Health,Habits,Health,Time Management
Title: Reevaluate Your Course Content: We all have patterns of thought, feeling and behavior that don’t serve us. These patterns are so dominant that we arch ourselves to continue on, even when running on empty, but recover can only start after we stop them.Ask yourself if your goal is unreachable, why you’re afraid of not reaching it and what would happen if you gave up. Share your answers with someone who has your best interest at heart, as a reality check and listen carefully to what they have to say. You are likely to find out you have options and that failure is not the end.
Title: Take a Break For Recovery Content: When you hit burnout, you become numb to the world; it’s difficult to feel joy and gratitude, which is what keeps you fueled in the face of challenges. So recovery means getting adequate rest and reestablishing joy to your life.While recovering do things that make you happy, rather than things that lead to a sense of achievement. The former feeds your soul and the latter your ego. Also, get an accountability partner to encourage you to follow your impulses and do what makes you feel alive.
Title: Rewire Your Brain For New Habits Content: Rewiring your brain, new neural pathways are formed to replace old habits of thinking. This phase is critical, because thoughts lead to emotions, which lead to behavior. To do that:Keep a daily journal or meditate. Notice the repeating thoughts, especially the ones that feel heavy and make you anxious.Daily, at the end of the day, list 10 things you’re grateful for. Gratitude can quickly shift your internal world.Let go of your victim story. Remind yourself that you no longer want to be a victim.Choose and test your beliefs daily.Believe in something bigger than yourself. Faith in a higher power can be the antidote to two symptoms of burnout — helplessness and hopelessness.
Title: Rebuild Your Worklife Content: After taking a break, reevaluating your course and rewiring your brain, it’s time to restructure your work life. To do that:If you are looking to make a career change, read on the topic and seek advice from those with more experience.If you are building a business or looking for a job, anchor your motivation for the work you want to do. Tell the story of how you got good at what you do and use this in your LinkedIn profile or your About Me page on your website.Work with a pro to help you reach your goals for Phase 4. Ask friends or colleagues for recommendations.