Health,Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Birthday Blues Content: Birthday depression can be described as a general sadness on or around your birthday. Birthday blues are very common. Reasons for feeling down around your birthday include: Aging. Birthdays can remind us that we are one year older.High expectations. We may be disappointed by not having our expectations met for a birthday party or gifts.Lack of accomplishments. You are feeling dissatisfied with your achievements since the previous year.Social pressure. When we compare our birthdays with our friends' parties, we might feel our celebration is just not good enough.Less excitement. Adult birthdays aren't as exciting as our birthdays as kids, and that mismatch can cause the birthday blues.Milestone birthdays, such as 16, 21, 30, 40, 50, 60. Some people may feel sad if they don't have a huge party to celebrate their milestone birthday.Less love. Turning 18, you're congratulated as an adult. At 45, it is just another birthday.
Title: Who Experiences Birthday Depressions Content: People who don't have many friends or family members.People with fake friends.People who struggle with anxiety.Introverted people may feel like they have to socialize during their birthday.People with high expectations surrounding a birthday. If these expectations are not met, it can lead to birthday blues.
Title: Unique Things to Do on Your Birthday Content: Write down the answers to these four questions.What was the ONE best thing that happened last year?What was the biggest challenge you faced last year, and what did you learn?What do you hope will happen this year? It could be goal-oriented or be an inner change.What did you want to learn this year? For example, learning people skills, becoming good at drawing or public speaking, starting a new Youtube channel.When you have written down a few year's worth of birthday questions:What were the highlights of the past years?What were some of my biggest life lessons?What were some of my goals, and did I accomplish them?What new skills did I learn?
Title: How to Beat the Birthday Blues Content: Birthday blues are often part of getting older. You are not alone in feeling this way.If you want to celebrate, it's on you to plan it or verbalize your own expectations. People can't read your mind.Be direct about gifts. People don't always know your preferences, so give friends and family ideas of what kind of gifts to get you.Have compassion for yourself. You are more than your birthday.Your birthday comes once a year - take charge and do it right for you.