Career,Personal Development,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: Dreading your job Content: A lack of fulfillment at the workplace might be due to a misalignment between your purpose and your job. Before deciding to quit your job, first exhaust all other avenues.
Title: When to quit your job Content: If your boss or work environment is abusive, leave immediately.However, if your boss or work environment aren't abusive and you've been there for only a few months, consider waiting. It takes around six months for anyone to settle into a job
Title: Before quitting, figure out what’s wrong Content: If you've been at your job for more than six months, try to figure out the cause of your dread. First, check your attitude. If your attitude is that work is just work, and you'll find your fulfillment elsewhere, you won't be committed. Other's will notice if you just check in and check out and label you as such.Consider what else is wrong. Is it your coworker, your boss, or the job itself?
Title: Empathy and teamwork Content: When a boss is yelling at people or being short with them, talk to them behind closed doors and say, "Hey, you were really short with us in the meeting. Are you OK?" Try and get across that you think they're acting out of character and you want to check on them.Remember that your boss is human too and want to feel heard and feel like they belong. Inquire about your boss as a human being, perhaps ask them what they did for the weekend. We don't know why they're bad leaders - they may be under pressure or don't realize they're bad.
Title: Be the leader you wish you had Content: We might be the most junior person in the organization, but we still work with people. We can help them to go home fulfilled, that they feel heard and that someone has their back.When you commit yourself to be the leader you wish you had, you can contribute to building a strong subculture so that people will come to work and feel fulfilled. Hopefully, that will impact those around you. Keep in mind that, like any other relationship, this will take time.
Title: When you're sure you want to quit Content: In a situation where you are sure you want to quit, put your energy into growing. Take advantage of the situation by, for example, learning how not to lead or how to work well as a team.Then, when an opportunity presents itself, move on.
Title: Never settle for "good enough" Content: Thinking that you don't need to find a fulfilling job because you'll find fulfillment elsewhere is like saying you don't have to love the person you marry because you can get that elsewhere. This idea will set you up for a rocky situation.You will spend most of your time at work, so it's essential to find a job you enjoy doing.