Personal Development,Communication,Problem Solving,Leadership & Management
Title: What Gives Your Life Meaning Content: People with a sense of purpose are focused, self-motivated and unable to be deterred or distracted from what they believe is their goal in life. This sense of meaning and purpose informs them of what to focus on and what’s getting in the way.
Title: Continually Bettering Yourself Content: Know that you are not perfect and that your knowledge has gaps, biases, limitations, and prejudices.Innovators who positively shape the world come from a “beginner’s mind” and a loving, compassionate heart – with an openness to see, learn, and experience new things on the way to being a better servant of the world.
Title: Engaging In Mutually-Beneficial Ways Content: Understand the power of relationships, connection, and engage with the world openly. Don't be afraid to share your knowledge and talents.Know that positive, supportive and authentic relationships are the foundational building blocks to anything you want to achieve.
Title: Investing In The Future Content: When issues appear,try to get to their roots, understand the contributing factors, and arrive at new solutions.Observe gaps and mistakes in common thinking and behavior, and trust yourself in your belief that it’s time to push the boundaries of what’s accepted.
Title: Embracing Critique Content: You don’t need to be “right” – try to grow and be more effective. For that to occur,accept critique and challenges.Be strong and confident in the face of opposition, yet know how to integrate constructive feedback toyour work and ideas.
Title: Spread What You Know Content: Share and teach what you’ve learned. Don’t see your knowledge as a commodity to sell – see it as information that has to be shared with the world for its betterment.
Title: Uplift Others Content: Inspire when you obtain amazing results in your work without abusing others. Be happy to help and support others, and your positive energy will enrich the lives of those they connect with.Help others to grow and walk away from opportunities that will be hurtful to others.
Title: View The Journey as The Goal Content: Don’t take shortcuts or go for the quick answer. Don’t view goals or outcomes as destinations. Seethat learning and experiencing, are the end goal, and those never end.Embrace failure as “information” that guides you.
Title: Use Power And Influence Well Content: Understand the widespread influence you have and its effect.Be careful and judicious with your words, actions, and behaviors. Operate with heart, and care deeply about your leadership and communication process and style, and the influence you have.