Personal Development,Health,Time Management,Productivity
Title: Find the Fun Content: To create meaning in your tasks, find out why you need to do them. Then find ways to make each task fun. Owning a task in this way is likely to improve your focus.
Title: Be Comfortable Content: Don't let discomfort distract you from your work.Make sure you have a comfortable table and chair combination. That way you can remain focused for more hours without becoming fatigued.
Title: Organise Your Workstation Content: Too much clutter on your desk can be distracting.Organise your desk. Retain only the items you need and keep them neatly arranged. Pack the rest away.
Title: Reduce Distraction On Your Computer Content: Use only one folder and put all files related to a project into the relevant folder.Ensure your computer remains virus-free to reduce unnecessary stress.
Title: Keep Your Drinking Water Nearby Content: At the first signs of fatigue or hunger, drink some water for refreshment.
Title: Eat healthy snacks Content: Have some healthy snacks close by to settle a grumbling stomach. This will keep you energetic and focused.
Title: Make a Daily “To-Do” List Content: It’s always helpful to have a to-do list at yourcomputer or in an accessible app.Tick tasks off once you've completed them to provide a sense of accomplishment.
Title: Prioritize Tasks Content: The first hour at work is the most productive.Do the more demanding work first, followed by the less pressing work. End with the routine tasks.
Title: Inform Others Content: Let others know that you are trying to create a more focused routine. That way you are more likely to be left alone to focus.Unless there’s a very urgent matter at hand, they’ll give you space.
Title: Be "invisible" Content: Turn your mobile phone to silent mode during times when you need to pay full attention to your work.Set the status of your instant messaging to “busy” or stay “invisible” while working on important tasks.
Title: Steer Clear From Social Media Content: Discipline yourself to check Social Media only when you have time available.
Title: Organize Your Emails Content: Have separate email addresses for business and personal use.Unsubscribe from senders you can do without. Organize the emails you need to attend to. Delete the rest.Check your emails only when you’re finished with the more important tasks. Limit your email time.
Title: Redesign Your Phone Use Content: To focus on your work, do not allow intermittent phone calls. Rather request your colleaguesto take messages.Once you're done with your work, return earlier calls. Ask them about their concerns, take notes and confirm that you are attending to their requests.When you call them back,always try to limit the phone conversation to less than three minutes.
Title: Put on the Headphones Content: Protect yourself from distractions with headphones so that you can remain focused.
Title: Choose Suitable Music Content: Background music should provide you with ease and inspiration.Organize your music to suite your mood.