Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: Learning how to prioritize... Content: ...means getting more out of the limited time you have each day. It’s one of the cornerstones of productivity and once you know how to properly prioritize, it can help with everything from your time management to work life balance.
Title: Master lists Content: Capture everything on a Master List and then break it down by monthly, weekly, and daily goals.Start by making a master list—a document, app, or piece of paper where every current and future task will be stored.Once you have all your tasks together, break them down into monthly, weekly, and daily goals.When setting your priorities, try not to get too “task oriented” -you want to make sure you’re prioritizing the more effective work.
Title: Eisenhower Matrix Content: The matrix is a simple four-quadrant box that answers that helps you separate “urgent” tasks from “important” ones:Urgent and Important: Do these tasks as soon as possibleImportant, but not urgent: Decide when you’ll do these and schedule itUrgent, but not important: Delegate these tasks to someone elseNeither urgent nor important: Drop these from your schedule as soon as possible.
Title: The Ivy Lee Method Content: Rank your work by its true priority with the Ivy Lee Method:At the end of each work day, write down the 6 most important things you need to accomplish tomorrow.Prioritize those 6 itemsn order of their true importance.When you arrive tomorrow, concentrate only on the first task. Work until the first task is finished before moving on to the next one.Approach the rest of your list in the same fashion. At the end of the day, move any unfinished items to a new list of six tasks for the following day.Repeat this processevery working day.
Title: The ABCDE method Content: Instead of keeping all tasks on a single level of priority, this method offers two or more levels for each task:Go through your list and give every task a letter from A to E (A being the highest priority)For every task that has an A, give it a number which dictates the order you’ll do it inRepeat until all tasks have letters and numbers.
Title: Set the tone of the day by “Eating the frog” Content: Once you’ve prioritized your most important work, it’s time to actually choose how to attack the day.How you start the day sets the tone for the rest of it. And often, getting a large, hairy, yet important task out of the way first thing gives you momentum, inspiration, and energy to keep moving.
Title: Warren Buffett’s 2-list strategy Content: Cut out “good enough” goals with Warren Buffett’s 2-list strategy.Write down your top 25 goals: life goals, career goals, education goals, or anything else you want to spend your time on.Circle your top 5 goals on that list.Finally, any goal you didn’t circle goes on an “avoid at all cost” list. These are the tasks that are seemingly important enough to deserve your attention. But that aren’t moving you towards your long-term priorities.
Title: The sunk cost fallacy Content: Humans are especially susceptible to the “sunk cost fallacy”—a psychological effect where we feel compelled to continue doing something just because we’ve already put time and effort into it.But the reality is that no matter what you spend your time doing, you can never get that time back. And any time spent continuing to work towards the wrong priority is just wasted time.