Love & Relationships,Personal Development
Title: On Commitment Content: Commitment begins with desire. Each person has to want it and be willing to sacrifice for the other. It takes shifting the way we view ourselves and giving up something, in order to give to someone else. Commitment requires open communication channels and an “all-in” mentality by both people. You both must learn to meet in the middle, with dual commitment for the present and future.
Title: 1. Positive Experiences Content: A great confidence and commitment builder in a relationship is a shared, positive experience with the person you love. Think of the identity of your relationship — how you and your partner perceive it to be.Take the negative, funny things and turn them into positive experiences. And take the positive experiences and live through the memories and build toward new experiences.
Title: 2. Committing In Thoughts And Actions Content: There will be easy, seamless days, but there will also be conflict and struggle. Relationships take work. Value your time with your partner. Go “all in” and think about what will make that person happy, ways to improve your relationship or to help ease their burden. Show with words and actions that you care.
Title: 3. Eliminating Distractions And Temptations Content: Vices, temptations, minor distractions — these are the things that tear relationships apart. Take those things out of the picture.We’re all vulnerable to letting our minds and eyes wander. Excessive use of social media, intrusive friendships, flirty people, alcohol, emotionally charged occasions and tiredness can all contribute to putting us in a position where we’re weak.
Title: 4. A Willingness To Be Empathetic Content: Our own experiences always color our perception. But in a great relationship there is a willingness to understand your partner’s needs, wants and point of view. You put your ego aside and understand where they are coming from.Part of commitment to your partner is satisfying a need for them. Be a great listener. Do something kind. Always express a genuine interest in understanding their point of view. With the body
Title: 5. What Matters Most Content: It’s crucial for a relationship’s longevity to discuss what matters most to you personally and as a couple. There will be differences but it’s important to understand that personal time is as important as together time.Focus on the things that matters most to each of you. Making sure your passions and enthusiasm get to come out is important to striking the accord of commitment.