Personal Development,Communication,Problem Solving,Leadership & Management
Title: Memorable people Content: People will likely forget up to 90 % of what you communicate. It means they are likely to forget your brand, your message, your call to action.To become forgettable can kill your career. Remaining on people's minds requires you to become part of what they consider valuable. 
Title: The Power Of Surprise Content: The brain likes to move toward patterns. Doing something unexpected will break the norm and make you memorable.For instance, instead of the usual email, send a hand-written thank-you note. Or dress differently to everyone else.
Title: Appeal To Primal Values Content: Our brains generally react first to outside stimuli like danger, security, or pleasure.When you approach another person, ask yourself what you can provide them to help protect them, make them more successful or safe, even feel better about themselves because they know you and what you can give them.
Title: Like To Help Others Content: People who really care about helping others succeed are memorable. Those who open doors so that people can actually do the job they were hired to do are remembered even years later. Sharing information with others without being asked is another way. It's the principle that if you want people to share with you, share with them.
Title: Willing To Be Contrarian Content: Agreeing with everything becomes white noise.People who are willing to voice their opinion when it is contrary, even if it is just a different way of framing a concept, are more memorable.
Title: Doers Content: There is a difference between talking and doing. Those who consistently exceed expectations and always looking for ways to improve are remembered and valued.
Title: Great Storytellers Content: Memorable people understand that stories stick. Those that can match a story with a message are more notable.Use language to create a mental picture. Those around you will remember your words as if they were shown pictures.
Title: A Broad And Colorful Vocabulary Content: In a world where vocabulary has narrowed down, those with a strong vocabulary stand out. Language should not be used for snobbery, but rather for creating a better understanding by using the right words.Incorporating analogies and a dynamic turn of phrase can keep your vocabulary colorful.