Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Don’t Think You Know Everything Content: Understand that life is not about impressing others with what you know.It’s about fulfillment, collaboration, and the common good.If you want to achieve those things, you need to be humble.
Title: Never Blame People For Your Unhappiness Content: As a child, you’re taken care of by others. Hence, you assume that someone is responsible for you.When you grow up, you are responsible for you. So never look at others when you’re unhappy. Instead, accept your unhappiness, and then do something about it.
Title: Stop Wasting Time On Losers Content: There’s a big chance the people in your environment don’t strive for the same things as you.Many people live a timid life. People who don’t want anything from life and who spend their time watching tv.Don’t give your time to those people.You might become one of them.
Title: Love Is Not What You Think Content: Most of us have this twisted idea about life. “I want her to treat me this and this way.” Who are you to claim such a thing? And if the other doesn’t live up to our expectations, we flip out or leave.That’s called conditional love. Strive for the opposite.
Title: You Don’t Have A Lot Of Time Content: When you’re young, you think you have an endless sea of time.How much time am I wasting on things that give me zero fulfillment?Do I like my job?Do I like the people in my life?The answers to these questions will give you clarity about how well you’re spending your time.
Title: You’re Probably Not As Awesome As You Think Content: There’s always someone better looking, cooler, smarter, stronger, or you name it than you. Always.That statement implies you’re comparing yourself to others. Just be yourself and don’t compare yourself to others.
Title: Learning Never Stops Content: When you stop learning and developing yourself; you’re dead.Push yourself to learn something every day. If you’re not getting better, you’re getting worse.
Title: Doing Hard Things Gives You More Pleasure Content: Doing hard things will have more return on your life, time, energy, and money.When you do something that requires a lot of effort, you feel good about it.
Title: Being Alone Will Make You More At Peace Content: It’s a dangerous sign if you can never be alone.When you’re always with others, you’re just a product of the other people in your life. Sometimes you need to distance yourself from others.When you’re alone, you have time to know who you are.
Title: Small Decisions Lead To Big Outcomes Content: Another drink wouldn’t hurt, right? Sleeping in today is not bad, right? I can easily spend $1500 on a new iPhone, right?The answer is no, no, and NO to every other small decision you think has no impact on your life.The truth is that your life is the result of your small decisions.