Habits,Mindfulness,Health,Problem Solving,Meditation
Title:  Content: No-Fap 🙅‍♂💦The most life-changing transformation one can make today is NoFap. Not only it helps you quit porn & masturbation but it also makes you an overall better person.For instance it  makes you more attractive to the women, boosts testosterone level makes you more productive increases your confidence you start to feel better and more.But not all the benefits of NoFap are going to appear on Day 1 or even Day 10.It takes serious time and a lot of patience to experience those benefits. 
Title:  Content: 💥 A Very IMPORTANT MESSAGE  (BITTER , HIDDEN REALITY) TO All #Fapstronauts 😎 You better wake up. This generation is messed up  due top*rn,  it is at an all-time high.. and it's only going to get worse  here. social media is advancing, and people are getting addicted to it more and moreNud_wom_n, tw_rking, all that type of stuff, that crap is practically everywhere now, and with the infinite boom of the digital era, younger people are now actually looking up to this. Many girls are starting to look up to these celebrity women sexualizing themselves whether on live performances, Instagram, or music videos. Many boys are starting to look up to these celebrities/rappers that boast about having sex with all types of women and so the boys feel like they should be obligated to do the same. Wake up! to do what they're doing by the higher  these celebrities souls have been gone. .
Title: Continued Content: They are practically puppets, who are forever signed to the higher ups for the fame and popularity, and now we have a new wave of people idolizing them. The higher ups and these companies are taking advantage of society with this crap, and people are falling right into their hands like a fish to a hook of worms.Masturbating to this filth is their way of keeping the weak... weaker. It's their way to hold you down, to take your soul away, to take your masculinity, your power, your energy, your semen. It's their way to keep you powerless. You fall into the lust they throw at your face, and you eat it up like a pedestrian throwing pieces of bread to street pigeons.Are you seriously going to let these people slowly take your soul away? Take away what you once were? Are you going to pathetically fall right in their trap? Or are you going to get your lazy self up out of bed, stop looking at these dang pixels, put the dang lotion away, put the dang tissue away, and actually do something worthwhile for your life?! It's your choice, your decision, your life.Note : Please Share This To Your Loved One's Especially Younger One's Saved Them , Tell Them. What's like to Become An Porn Addicted , Tell Them How You Feel After Relapsed , Tell Them You Feel So Depressed , Tell Them You Feel Like An Loser , Tell Them How Much Eager You To Get Rid Of This Addiction , Tell Them You Die Everyday after Ejaculation , Tell Them How Much Shame You Feeling After Ejaculation , Tell Them Explain Them & Alert Them