Health,Personal Development,Psychology,Mental Health,Communication
Title: Women And Therapy Content: Mostly women go to therapy. This is true as women more often receive therapy because there is less stigma preventing them from doing so. Conversely, societal pressures make men ambivalent to therapy.
Title: Therapy Goers And Medication Content: Most mental health professionals treat mental illness by combining psychotherapy and medication or bytherapy alone. Many clients choose the latter when they don’t need medication or think of it as burdensome.
Title: Willing To Listen Content: Untrained people can’t offer the same mental health benefits as a mental health professional could.Your mental health is too big a responsibility to place on the people in your life. They will be there for you during hard times, but shouldn’t be a substitute for therapy.
Title: Don't Be Lazy Content: When a client sits back and lets the therapist do everything, they don’t make much progress. People who can think for themselves make the most out of therapy.
Title: Therapy After A Crisis Content: Nothing horrible has to happen for people to want a happier life. Clients seek therapy for guidance navigating a new phase in life, dealing with general malaise, refuting long-held negative beliefs and more.Therapy is also an effective treatment for preventing future crises, such as divorces, or even to help maintain and enhance one’s already positive mental state.
Title: Handling Things On Our Own Content: Trauma, mental illness and stress are scientifically proven to be real and can have a debilitating effect as a physical injury. Asking for help is not a sign of weakness, and therapy is no exception.Besides, therapy provides a tool for self-improvement even for those who do not have mental health issues.
Title: Therapy Seen As Expensive  Content: For those who want affordable therapy, there are online therapy websites to facilitate it. They can also take advantage of resources the government and schools offer or find a therapist who uses a sliding scale for payments.
Title: Therapy And The Mentally Ill Content: Therapy is not exclusively for people with diagnosed mental illness. Good therapists listen to us without judgment and teach us how to solve problems in a healthy way and to live a happier life. And that’s useful for everyone.
Title: Forced To See a Therapist Content: This misconception comes from assuming people don’t go to therapy by choice, when in fact most go of their own will. They want help and are willing to deal with the stigma of seeking treatment for mental health problems.Those who need to be forced to go to therapy often need psychiatric treatment before being committed to therapy.
Title: ‘Crazy’ People' Content: Most people who see therapists are not dangerous, violent or even eccentric.Studies indicate that mentally ill people are actually more likely to be victims of violence.