Personal Development,Health,Habits,Productivity
Title: This Day Is Your Entire Life Content: What we are doing today, how we master the present day and how good we are in living each day, is the key to master your weeks, months, years and your entire life.We start our days accidentally and go spiraling downward, on most days. The first few decisions that are made creates or destroys the momentum and the trajectory the day is going to take.
Title: Today Is The Future Content: Most people keep planning, visualizing and imagining their future life as if they are watching some other person live it. That person is you. If you intentionally live each day, perfecting and maximising your vision of the future, instead of killing time or just living a bread and butter, day-to-day existence, you steer your life towards the direction you want.We need to act like the person we wish to become, as we are what we do all day.
Title: What Your Brain Needs To Thrive Content: Nutrition: We are what we eat, and having a good nutritious diet, full of green vegetables, nuts and seeds goes a long way. Avoid processed foods at any cost.Oxygen: or fresh air is a primary need of the brain. Any daily exercise routine is best for brain health.Information: The brain needs information to process, preferably high quality and diverse. Active learning, along with continuous mental challenges that get the cylinders firing is the way to nourish the brain and form connections. True learning reframes our entire mental model and helps the brain evolve.Love: What keeps us happy and healthy is good, loving relationships, and the care and touch of loved ones.
Title: Productivity And The Subconscious Mind Content: Keep a journal and to-do list, note down in the night what you need to do the following day, and write a bit in the morning about your ideas, completing what you started in the morning. This will enable your subconscious mind to chew on whatever was incomplete at night.The first three hours of your morning are your coveted hours for productivity, just after you have had a restful sleep.Your brain is at your best in the morning, along with your energy levels.
Title: Forced Functions Content: Instead of continuously and tirelessly working, create short bursts of intense activity tailored to your work, followed by rest and recovery.While taking breaks is looked down upon, this is when the actual productivity of the brain starts to happen, when it is left to think independently.Deep work, with no distractions is good for a project, but a loose, wandering mind is required to solve difficult problems in an innovative and creative manner.
Title: Tips For Forced Functioning Content: When at home, leave your phone aside, as it can consume all your remaining hours in distractions.Remove unhealthy food from the fridge and pantry.While working from a cafe, leave your laptop charger at home. Now you have a few hours to complete your work before your laptop dies.Set yourself short deadlines. Too much time hampers productivity.Investing your money in your goal makes you more serious about it.
Title: Do What You Fear Content: Fear to take action can hamper your productivity and pure courage is required to:Understand your fearFace your fear by taking action.Confront your fear and do what terrifies you, stepping out of the comfort zone, eventually leading a different life altogether.
Title: Networking And Total Impact Content: Your being positive and active should have an impact on your network, both qualitatively and quantitatively. Your network becomes your net worth when you consciously leverage it.Be bold And passionate and live each day as your finest. You cannot afford to live passively, pay your bills and die.