Time Management,Personal Development,Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: Be selective Content: When you start on a project, make sure it is something you are passionate about and you want to see through.If you aren’t sure that this is something you really want to do, try it out on a small scale and see if it’s what you’re interested in. Otherwise, you may wastetime and resources which could have been better utilized elsewhere.
Title: Estimate the resources you need Content: It doesn’t have to be exhaustive. Just a quick outline will help. The point is to have something that guides you.Doa quick plan on how much time and effort this idea will take, so you can have a bird’s eye view.
Title: Budget your time and energy Content: Good planning of resources help you plan out your energy and expectations.So plan out your time and resources accordingly and integrate them into your schedule/to-do list. Block out time in your calendar for the project. Give yourself some buffer as well, in case of contingencies.
Title: Quit being a perfectionist Content: Break the task into many little steps, then focus on one part at the time. If you still put it off after breaking it down, then break it down even further into mini pieces.Give yourself the permission to do a draft version. Meaning, there’s no need to get it done right the first time. Get started and things will roll on from there.
Title: Commit to it Content: Once you start, commit to it. Whatever you have planned, do them. Give yourself the option to exit a project if it’s really not in line with your vision, but otherwise, hold yourself to your word.
Title: Connect with your end vision Content: To avoid losing the enthusiasm you had at the beginning, bring back your end vision in sight.Surround yourself with anything that’s reminds you of your end goal, such as your vision board, pictures of others who have achieved the same goal, and objects that represent the goal.
Title: The path of enjoyment Content: The path of highest enjoyment means doing what makes you feel happiest at the moment.When you do so, you automatically become productive in your work.
Title: Track your progress Content: Tracking your progress helps you understand how you’re doing and gives you a target to reach. This makes it easier to keep up with your momentum.It makes you accountable to your goal and helps you to stay on track.
Title: Celebrate your accomplishments Content: Celebrate the process, the resting, the doing, the completion, everything. Take the opportunity to recharge and regroup.When you’re ready, continue on to with what you’re doing.
Title: Don’t force it  Content: Give yourself the permission to drop what you’re doing if it’s not working out, and you might just find many new things coming your way straight after that.Trying to hold on to what you’ve done just prevents more goodness from coming your way.