Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: A personal Philosophy Content: We all need personal philosophy in life or we risk wandering and responding to random stimuli and information with little or no impact on our long-term goals.
Title: Living without purpose is dangerous Content: Nothing gives a person inner wholeness and peace like a distinct understanding of where they are going.Until you settle on a purpose, your life is in danger of having little meaning. A life without a purpose is a life without a destination.
Title: The right direction Content: Finding the right direction in life is something you create. You make the decision to act, to do something, no matter how small.Once you have defined your aims and what you want, it is easier to deal with doubts.Easier not to get distracted from what is important, keep your focus, and keep moving.
Title: A sense of purpose Content: Successful people have a definite sense of direction. They have a clear understanding of what success means to them.Everything they do is consistent with their goals. They look forward and decide where they want to be. Their day to day actions help them move closer to their vision.
Title: Clarity changes everything Content: When you feel unclear about a goal, you have difficulty achieving it. And if you don’t know why you should do something, you lack committed to taking action.With clarity, you can pull together resources, ideas and people for a common cause. Without it, there is wasted effort and even chaos.
Title: Develop your personal clarity Content: Define what success means to you personally.Create a vivid mental image of you as a success. This image should be as vivid as you can make it.Clarify your personal values.
Title: Developing a personal life philosophy Content: Understand who you are: A personal philosophy requires self-awareness, a desire to understand, and the ability to learnCommit to looking for meaning and discerning what makes sense to you.Follow your interests, and improve your basic understanding of life and living it.Keep expanding your thinking. Study other philosophies. Gather philosophies from other people and books.