Problem Solving,Personal Development,Business,Learning & Education,Habits
Title: MOOCs (Massively Open Online Courses) Content: A recent study suggests that MOOCs do not disrupt world-class education as initially thought, nor are they accessible to the entire world.Online learners are concentrated in the world's most affluent countries and neighborhoods.Only 6 % of people who enroll in a course actually complete it.These numbers aren't improving.
Title: Self-learners Content: Teaching yourself anything can be draining and quite a lonely process.When you care about what you are learning, it can lift your spirits and makes you more confident.Having a few peers can make it a whole lot easier.If you have a long-term system that you regularly practice you can increase your odds for success.
Title: Find a reason Content: Don't just learn something for the sake of it or because you're excited about the idea of loving X.   You may find yourself unable to sustain your energy and stop midway, or you may be doing an endless series of courses without actually putting them to any use.Consciously find reasons that learning X is the absolute best possible use of your time right now.Ask what makes you excited about X.Hang around an online community of people who love X and go down the rabbit hole.If you make sure that you really desire to learn X, it will no longer remain a task, but become an adventure. You will hunger after knowledge and have the energy to find answers to your questions.
Title: A motivating environment Content: Nobody is born with a self-motivating ability.  We become motivated when we place ourselves in an environment that is filled with people and ideas that inspire us to do more.Use Twitter to follow people interested in X. They could be your role-models.Stalk their profiles.Spend a regular (but limited) time going through your newsfeed.
Title: Incentivize yourself Content: A lot of self-learning can be draining despite having all the right reasons for learning. Incentivize yourself so that you can constantly push through this slump.Work on a real project on the side related to your learning. If you can't find a project, browse through other people's hackathon projects for ideas. You will pick up the skills along the way that will reinforce your learning.