Problem Solving,Reading & Writing,Personal Development,Productivity,Learning & Education
Title: The Outline/List Content: Is a linear method of taking notes that proceeds down the page, using indentation or bullets to denote major and minor points.Pros: it records content relationship in a way that is easy to review.Cons: difficult to go back and edit information written in this system.Works for:recording terms, definitions, facts and sequences, when taking notes on slides or readings.
Title: The Sentence Method Content: The goal is to jot down your thoughtsas quickly as possible. Format is kept to a minimum:every new thought is written on a new line.Pros:Is like free writing for notes.Cons: lack organization and notes can be hard to understand.Works for: meetings or lectures that lack organization; when information is presented very quickly.
Title: SQ3R (Survey, Question, Read, Recite, Review) Content: Skim the material for bolded text, images, summaries, to produce a list of headlines;Each headline is then written in the form of a question;Record your “answers” to the reading questions under each corresponding header;Once you’ve finished reading the text, write a summary of the material from memory—this is the “recite” part of the process.Finally, review your notes to make sure you’ve completely grasped the concepts.Works for: dense written material.
Title: Visual mapping Content: A nonlinear system of note-taking that resembles a tree and root structure: ideas stem from one major concept and are connected by lines (or “branches”).Pros: works well for visual learners; is tool for analytical-thinkers, because it outlines connections.Cons: Time consuming; can get complex, doesn't work in every circumstances.Works for:big-picture brainstorming sessions, planning essays and recording meetings.
Title: Smart Wisdom Content: Instead of taking notes in full sentences, you record only keywords and place them in a chain that maps the thought process, written on a web-like grid, starting in the 1 o’clock position and working clockwise.Pros:allows you to take notes in “real time”.Cons: few sources for learning how to use it.Works for: meetings and lectures; dyslexic learners.
Title: Timelines Content: A continuum of dates and events.However, timelines need not be limited to two-dimensions. Timelines can be multidimensional (i.e., date, relevant event, another event).Work for: recording history or biography, but they can also be used to compare and contrast similar events.
Title: Flow-chart Content: Represented by individual steps that start from a problem and lead to a solution.Each step is denoted by a different kind of shape which symbolizes whether the note requires action or decision. Unlike the timeline, a flow chart can veer in multiple directions, leading to different scenarios.
Title: Venn diagram Content: Usually comprise overlapping circle that represent sets. A set includes items that all share a specific characteristic.Although there is no limit to the number of sets you compare, complicated Venn diagrams can be difficult to interpretWorks for:comparing and contrasting notes.
Title: Fishbone diagram Content: Identifythemain problem (effect)and write this in a box center left of the page.Draw a thick horizontal arrow pointing to this box - the head and spine of the fish.Then brainstorm categories of causes that could lead to this effect.For each of these causes, draw a line branching off of the main arrow.Works for: marketing, manufacturing or service industry for product design and quality defect prevention.
Title: Adapting to context Content: Different types of information demand different styles of note-taking. There are lots of reasons to take notes: to retain information, to capture ideas, to problem solve or brainstorm, to visualize complex systems or concepts etc.But what works for outlining a blog post might not work so great for brainstorming new ideas.