Strategy,Personal Development,Travel,Problem Solving,Learning & Education
Title: Act Content: Getting to action is about planning just enough and carrying through within less than a week of planning.If you don’t act, you don’t get. It’s that simple. Nothing meaningful comes to you for free.
Title: Planning Content: Get into the habit of putting actions in your calendar . In your daily planning, always leave room for important but not urgent tasks.Example: From 5am to 9:30am, I exclusively do things that are not considered my main job. I write, go to the gym and practice 3 skills.
Title: Do daily, weekly, and monthly planning Content: Plan your activities for the next week. That gives clarity on where your time is spent on your productive activities and hobbies.Every evening, review your priorities for the next day and move things around as needed.And every end of the month, you write down your goals, both professionally and personally, for the next month. Be as specific as possible. When you have goals you firmly believe in and you review them at least once every week, you align your plans with your actions.
Title: Take notes Content: Your memory is not good enough to recall things you’ve heard or seen. When you can refer back to a thought you had, you’re statistically more likely to act on it. Take notes in class, while watching videos, while listening to podcasts, while talking to people, etc. It's good to study too.
Title: Do things for others Content: Aren’t we just so much more motivated to do things if it benefits other people? Or even out of obligation. It brings a sense of necessity.So whenever there’s something you want to do, think about what it brings to other people. It helps to think that way. Even for things you think only benefit you. Example: I learned to rock climb to help fight my fear of heights. But now that I’m less afraid of heights, I can do more activities with other people involving heights.
Title:  Content: “It is not the strongest of species that survive; nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the most adaptable to change.”— Charles Darwin 
Title: Comfort x thrive Content: Comfort is opposite of thrive. Simply as that. Get out your comfort zone!
Title: Be positive. Drop negativity Content: Try to drop negative words from your vocabulary: no, not, bad, etc. When you think and talk positively, you act positively. When you are in a positive mindset, you are more open to other perspectives. When you are more open to other perspectives, you are more receptive to change.It’s fundamental and not too hard if you practice this on a daily basis. If you catch yourself thinking or saying something negative, simply stop yourself and re-phrase.