Productivity,Computer Science
Title: Idea 1 - Software tools Content: Developers build enterprise solutions to address complex business problems and customer-facing apps to make life easier for the end-users. The development process can be quite challenging and requires numerous tools that can assist the solution architects and developers.
Title: Typora Content: Typora is a minimal WYSIWYM Markdown editor. It boasts of simple yet aesthetic formatting options. There are five standard themes available and dark mode being one of them (and also my favorite).You can add headers, lists, code fences, inline styles, mathematics, images, etc in Typora.You get a distraction-free environment with the help of focus mode and typewriter mode. In the former, only the current line that you are working is in focus, rest are blurred and in the latter, the currently active line is placed in the center of the screen.You can integrate it with Github, Adobe Illustrator, Google docs, and Markdown. It supports word count, code blocks, and syntax highlighting. The seamless live preview comes in handy for assessment and to make changes accordingly.You can get it for all operating systems, albeit the Mac OS is in beta right now.
Title: Tuple Content: Take your cursor to the left, more left, no no shift a little towards right….okay, this is not working out.Before you go back to such conversations, I suggest you try your hand at Tuple. Why?Because Tuple has a focus ring to pinpoint the location, making life easier for you. However, this is just not it! You also get to control your peer’s computer system seamlessly with mouse and keyboard control. It is given to both the collaborators facilitated by a single click pairing mechanism.
Title: The Silver Searcher

 Content: The Silver Searcher is a code searching tool. It tops the most efficient productivity tools for developers because of its speed. It’s similar to Ack but delivers results way faster, some claim almost 34 times, but the jury is still out on that.So the amount of time you spend searching code in thousands of code lines can now be utilized for better things.You have the editor integrations for Sublime Text, Vim, and Emacs. And you get to install it on Mac, Linux, Windows, and BSD.
Title: AutoHotKey

 Content: AutoHotKey is an open-source scripting language for developers to create your very own hotkeys, letting you streamline any repetitive actions in Windows.As a developer, you have complete freedom to your files, windows, and folders as per your needs. Your macros and automation mechanism are in your hands. Apart from hotkeys for mouse and keyboard, you can create shortcuts for joysticks too.This free scripting language has the potential to save a lot of time and effort that would otherwise be wasted on doing recurring tasks. You get to prototype faster and use your experience to make it easier for newer developers to learn and adapt quickly.
Title: Mindly Content: Mindly is the only one in this list that is not limited to developers. None-the-less it still has developer applications.