Mindfulness,Health,Creativity,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: Feeling Calm In Hard Times Content: No matter how hard or adverse the situation, one can benefit by remaining calm and simply breathing in and out deeply. We all have an inherent strength to overcome any condition, with research even suggesting a link between staying calm and being successful. 
Title: Stop Whining Content: To get back control of a situation, one has to stop the complaining and whining attitude. We are not helping ourselves by explaining to others how miserable we feel, and are better off focusing on moving forward.
Title: Stop Interacting With Others Content: Other people will give you all sorts of advice, but you have to look honestly inside yourself, as you are the best person to know what is going on.“The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.” – Oscar Wilde
Title: Stop The Negative Thought Spiral Content: Doom-thinking or the constant negative thought spiral going in our heads will only take us away from the solution. It is better to use all of your energy to focus on just one thing.“There’s no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”  - Will Smith
Title: Just Drink Warm Water Content: Drinking warm water slowly will flush out your system, decrease your calorie load, and improve the function of all your cells while helping you think straight.Water helps us replenish our bodies, which is made of 60 percent water itself.
Title: Stop Doing What You Do All The Time Content: Continuing to go on the path that you have chosen will provide you with the same results as before. You cannot expect different results with the same kind of effort. Identify your wrong actions/mistakes and ensure that those are not repeated.
Title: Just Feel Content: One can use the emotions and feel one’s way towards a solution. If we use our feelings not to be stressed out or scared, but towards being blessed, we will move towards all the answers we strive for.
Title: Change Your Direction Content: Sometimes we think that we are moving forward, but do not correctly identify the direction. Moving forward can also mean moving sideways or even backwards. One needs to change their perspective and start the journey with the right direction. The arrow moves backwards to gain momentum before it can move forward at its target.
Title: Just Do It Content: Action is nothing in theory, as too much knowledge can only induce doubt and inaction in a person. Taking the right action, even if it is just one action, helps us move towards a solution.
Title: Stop And Breath Content: Calmness is about stopping. One can simply stop doing everything and just breath, even if for a few seconds. Get your mind to a reset mode, taking back control. Breathing in and out will provide you with a calm start which will transform a challenging situation into a success.
Title: A Conscious Day Of Calmness Content: As soon as you get up, have a ‘calm’ theme imbibed in your entire day, moving towards anything you want to do, with complete awareness of your present state of mind.Reset your mind as soon as it starts to wander into stress, anxiety and confusion.Ensure you remind yourself throughout the day using sticky notes or reminders on the smartphone that you have to stay conscious and aware of how you think, feel and act.Whenever they are situations that disrupt your calmness, learn to stay calm.