Health,Personal Development,Habits
Title: Get quality sleep Content: Sleeping is one of the most important things that you need so that your body won't feel exhausted on a daily basis. Try to sleep about 7-8 hours on a daily basis consistently.Sleeping too little or too much can be damaging to your body which can cause many complications such as: weight gain, lowered immunity, increased risk of diabetes and heart problems, and an increase in risk of accidents as well.
Title: Protein consumption and energy levels Content: If time allows, make yourself a decent breakfast like scrambled eggs or enjoy a fruit bowl. Consuming protein for breakfast allows your body to avert the inconsistent sugar level that would ultimately result to your body being more alert.Having a proper diet is essential to having more energy that your body can consume, but having sugar for breakfast - muffins, cereal, or a doughnut - leads to a spike in blood sugar level which would make your body crave a nap. 
Title: Increase your energy levels by exercising Content: This may sound silly, but daily fatigue can actually be a way for your body to tell you that you need more stimulating activities.Exercise raises your metabolism, boosts your mood and helps you sleep better at night. If hitting the gym ins't for you or doesn't fit in your schedule, a 20-minute brisk walk helps.
Title: Dehydration and fatigue Content: Not enough people drink the right amount of water needed by their bodies. Dehydration can lead to fatigue so always make sure to keep a bottle of water at reach.If you still feel sleepy after drinking water, try washing your hands and face in cold water. It would surely give you the zing needed to feel awake.
Title: Let yourself have fun Content: The best morning energizers doesn't cost much. By doing something you find enjoyable in the morning, like listening to music, watching an episode of your favorite show, or engaging in sexual intercourse with your partner -  could easily set your mood on the right track and start your day right.Having small changes in your daily routine can keep you alert throughout the day.
Title: Mood boosters Content: If you run out of activities to help boost your mood, here are some other ways to relieve stress:VolunteeringJournalingPracticing MindfulnessMeditationPracticing your faith.