Love & Relationships,Psychology,Personal Development
Title: Love at first sight is based on imagination Content: Most people understand love at first sight to be falling in love with a stranger when they see them for the first time. But love at first sight is based on stereotypes, imagination, and assumption. Research shows that romantic love is often based on idealization and positive illusions, but it is also true about love that lasts many years.
Title: What makes a stranger stand out to you Content: If you have experienced love at first sight, think what made the stranger stand out to you.Did the person resemble someone you had a relationship with before? Did the person cause you to feel nostalgic about an old friend? If so, that "love" may have been only a subconscious connection, where your brain remembered a positive impact of a previous relationship.
Title: Our subconscious mind connects facial features with characteristics Content: Knowing this, you may understand why some are certain about the possibility of love at first sight.But it doesn't make the potential resulting breakup easier. It leaves us feeling like we lost something destiny had intended.
Title: How to spot the real thing Content: You get butterflies in your stomach when you see them.You desire their attention.Everything you knew about your 'type' is gone. You think about the person all the time.Romantic notions trump logic. You don't care about risk and reality.The idea of being with them seems like a great adventure.You're confident this is going to be the best relationship ever.You can picture your lives together.The attraction is real.You want to know everything about them.
Title: To love or not to love Content: While love at first sight is real, it's not all perfection. If you don't think you might be subconsciously misplacing some feelings, go for it.Don't be afraid to break up if you feel the relationship is over. Don't confuse needing someone for loving someone. While you may think it is love at first sight, you may really desire companionship or nurturing.  If you think you are experiencing love at first sight, be sure it's after you've ruled out signs that it is not.Don't be afraid to end the relationship. If it isn't meant to be, then live and learn.Follow your gut. It's okay to hesitate, even if your heart is saying yes.