Personal Development,Mental Health,Love & Relationships,Health
Title: Understanding What You Feel Content: Ask yourself why you have feelings of insecurity in the first place.Determining where those feelings originate helps you discover two vital things:That your insecurities have a valid foundation and that you are not silly for feeling insecure;That these issues have a logical cause and can, therefore, be logically cured.
Title: Take Baby Steps To Grow Content: Try to gradually overcome your tendency to feel insecure by introducing yourself to those situations slowly - as a sort of desensitization process.If you have trouble in social environments, for example, ask trusted friends or family members to go with you and act as a buffer.
Title: Living Without Your Safety Blanket Content: Make yourself step outside of your comfort zone by removing your usual precautions.If you typically interact through e-mail or shop online, try picking up the phone instead. Once you are comfortable doing this, take care of business in person.
Title: Changing Your Perspective Content: Try to think of yourself in another light. Maybe you have trouble handling stress in the workplace, but are you a good mother, wife, or friend?Visualize the things that you like or admire and stop looking at yourself so critically. You are likely to be the only person who judges you so harshly.
Title: Doing What You Know Best Content: Find something you are good at doing, and doit. Finding a hobby in which you excel will help you because it relieves stress and builds confidence. You will then have an escape on those bad days when it feels like nothing is going your way.
Title: Reward Yourself For A Job Well Done Content: For every goal you reach, have a planned reward. Focusing on the anticipated award helps to take the focus off of the problem ahead.
Title: Keep A Progress Journal Content: Buy a high-quality journal andwrite a list of the goals you want to accomplish in it. Include a list of the things that you find positive about yourself. Write down any compliments you receive and all professional or personal successes.Every few weeks, go back and read what you have written in your journal thus far. You will now be able to clearly see the progress you are making.