Psychology,Career,Entertainment,Human Resources,Love & Relationships
Title: Big 5 Content: The Big Five Test is the gold standard in science. It is the most widely used personality test in scientific research and has sometimes been called “the only truly scientific personality test.” Among scientists, the Big Five is generally seen as more accurate and comprehensive than other tests, but the model may also come across as more technical at first glance.
Title: Extraversion Content: People with high extroversion scores are characterized by high levels of externally-oriented activity. They are energetic, sociable, pleasure-seeking, and talkative, whereas people with lower scores tend to be more reserved, quiet, low-key, and subdued. Introverts also tend to need more time alone to feel at ease.In the Five Factor model, extroversion is seen as outer-directed activity, and should not be taken to mean “prosocial.” Extroversion does not, for example, describe the extent to which an individual takes a genuine interest in others. Hence, individuals with low extroversion scores should not be seen as asocial or uninterested in others – they simply need less external stimulation and prefer to spend more time alone.Extroversion is composed of the facets Positive Emotions; Excitement-Seeking; Activity Level; Assertiveness; Gregariousness and Warmth .
Title: Agreeableness Content: Agreeableness refers to an individual’s level of niceness and amiability when socializing. High scorers take a genuine interest in others and are mild, kind, and considerate. They are naturally compassionate and thoughtful, and have a tendency to seek cooperation over competition. Those with lower scores can be seen as cynical and self-serving, and are typically less interested in the well-being of others. Agreeable people are therefore usually better liked than disagreeable people. On the other hand, studies have shown that low levels of agreeableness may in fact be advantageous in leadership and management, in legal careers and the military, as well as in some sciences.Agreeableness is composed of the facets Trust; Earnestness; Altruism; Cooperation-Compliance; Modesty and Sympathy-Compassion .
Title: Conscientiousness Content: Conscientiousness denotes the degree to which an individual organizes their pursuits. High scorers are characterized by orderliness, planning, and control. They have a tendency to steer clear of danger and risk, and their successes in life are often related to their knack for perseverance and planning. People with lower scores are more inclined to “let tomorrow take care of itself,” and can thus be thought of as more spontaneous and impulsive. The advantages of high conscientiousness with regard to work and education are therefore obvious but, on the other hand, very high levels of conscientiousness may also predispose a person for perfectionism and/or workaholism.Conscientiousness is composed of the facets Self-Assurance; Orderliness; Dutifulness; Achievement-Striving; Self-Discipline and Prudence .
Title: Openness Content: Openness refers to an individual’s appetite for new and unconventional ideas, values, viewpoints, and experiences. High scorers are imaginative and original, whereas those with lower scores are more traditional and down to earth. In the cosmopolitan cultures of Western cities, the traits associated with high openness are often idealized, whereas a low-openness outlook on life is framed as less desirable. However, studies have shown that both high and low levels of openness may be beneficial, depending on the task. High levels of openness may be advantageous in creative pursuits and research, while lower levels of openness tend to be beneficial in accounting, police work, and sales.Openness is composed of the facets Fantasy; Aesthetic Interest; Emotional Orientation; Experimentation; Intellectualism and Diversity-Tolerance .
Title: Neuroticism Content: Neuroticism denotes an individual’s tendency to experience gloomy and negative states of mind. High scorers have low thresholds for when their negative emotional reactions are triggered and are thus easily susceptible to experiencing more anger, stress, and depression. Since their defenses are easily activated, neurotic people are also inclined to experience ambiguous or unclear situations as threatening. Low scorers are less likely to be knocked out by adversity and exhibit greater calm and serenity when faced with bad news. Being low in neuroticism may thus be perceived as desirable but, on the other hand, extremely low levels of neuroticism may also predispose a person for being too carefree and liable to underestimate potential threats in their environment.Neuroticism is composed of the facets Anxiety; Irritability; Immoderation; Self-Consciousness; Depressivity and Vulnerability .