Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving
Title: Turning ideas into reality Content: When an idea becomes your obsession and purpose, and it is highly personal to you, then you can take that idea and quickly turn it into a reality.Ideas can only truly catch hold if they are embedded within a deeply emotional experience that reshapes how you view your identity and purpose in life.
Title: Adapting to our circumstances Content: Whether you’re currently winning or losing in life — you will quickly adapt to your circumstances.The brain needs novelty to thrive, otherwise, it quickly becomes stale.The worst thing you can do is to focus most of your energy and thought on maintaining your current position or protecting your current status.
Title: Detaching from prior success Content: The only way to get to the next level is by letting go of who you’ve been. The longer you hold on, the smaller your thinking will be.Don’t get stuck where you were. Be willing to banish the past, no matter how great, for a better future.
Title: Stepping into growth Content: Every time you step into growth, you’ll experience an increase in complexity and chaos. Growth is the process of taking something complex and making it simple.This is how you grow. You step into chaos and create simplicity and knowingness.
Title: Exploration and searching Content: These are the keys to discovering what is possible and what is out there.You don’t know what you don’t know.You must be exposed to new universes to realize it’s possible to expand far beyond the current sphere in which you are.
Title: Comparisons and mimicry  Content: Comparing yourself to others (those at the top of the industry), being inspired by someone and learning from their mastery is essential to learning and growth. Mimicry, however, is a very bad thing.Study the best examples and understand what worked out for them so you can quickly innovate and evolve beyond that. Don’t be an imitator. Be an innovator.
Title: Conceptualizing your new ‘why’ Content: As you begin to map out the possibilities (in the form of various role-models from multiple domains), you begin to crystallize and clarify your personal 'Why'.You’ll be able to have concrete concepts to point to in explaining what matters to you, where you’re going, and how you’re going to do it.
Title: Forcing yourself forward Content: You begin making changes to your environment and relationships that reflect the old you and old vision.Your environment, language, behavior, and life begin to quickly reshape themselves to match the new reality you’ve spiritually and emotionally created.
Title: 3 steps for extreme levels of motivation Content: You must believe the reward (the ‘WHY’) of a particular goal is important, meaningful, and compelling.You must believe that you know how(clear strategies/plans/people) to achieve your goal.You must believe that you can executethe plans, strategies, and pivoting involved in achieving the goal.