Personal Development,Problem Solving,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Talk to People Content: Don't expect anything.You’d be surprised at how much you can learn just from listening to other people talk.You’ll get insight into people’s motivations, hopes, dreams, and ambitions. And you can learn how others got to where they are today—and if that’s a path you want to be on, too.
Title: Get Started Content: Do something.Even if it isn’t quite the right thing, it is nevertheless movement that can give you an opportunity to experience.There are so many things you can do for your career—even if you don’t know what you want to do: start creating a portfolio or learn a new skill.
Title: Gather Inspiration From Others Content: Walk into a bookshop and go straight to the autobiography section. Buy books from across different industries, societies, and cultures.So what better way to get started than by learning how others reached their goals? Keep in mind as you’re reading that these people weren’t born knowing what they wanted to do either.
Title: Prepare for a Long Journey Content: One huge misconception about figuring out what you want to do with your life is that you will have a magical moment of extreme clarity and then have your entire life planned.But life changes constantlyand you’ll need to regroup and reconsider your journey as you go along.
Title: Leave Your Comfort Zone Content: Try new things and widen your horizons.Maybe you don’t know what you want to do because you haven’t tried what you’re meant to do yet. And you won’t know if that is true or not until you get out there and start ruling things out.
Title: Be Okay With Failing Content: Nothing will slow you down more in your quest to figure out what to do with your life than being afraid of failure.You won’t ever be able to nail down what makes you happy if you rule everything out because it sounds hard.
Title: Enjoy Not Knowing Content: Don’t pressure yourself to be in the future.By focusing on other less-pressing matters, the obvious answer may just come to you when you’re least expecting it—and it will be clearer than you ever imagined it to be.