Remote Work,Career,Marketing & Sales,Business,Human Resources
Title: Seven Seconds With Your CV Content: Most recruiters decide in about seven seconds if you are right for the profile or if your CV has to be tossed in the bin.There is a lot of information available online on how to be a suitable candidate, but there is no specialized knowledge taking into account the new realities of 2020, like remote working, diversity, equity and inclusion.
Title: Get Past AI Content: Most companies use artificial intelligence(AI) to screen out candidates using keywords. One can learn from the company website and profile job description on what kind of words are to be included in the CV, to get through the robots. One can also create a visual, interactive or creative CV highlighting one’s professional presence like on LinkedIn.
Title: Showing Off Your Skills Through A Story Content: Your CV should have a storytelling format, a narrative that fits the job role.You should let the recruiter know what your relevant skills are and what you have to offer to the company.The start of the CV should be about what you have to offer, while the rest of the CV can be about your past accomplishments.If you have remote work experience, it is a good idea to highlight the various platforms, apps and software you are well-versed with. Naming them would help the robots put a green tick on your CV.
Title: Tip For Freshers Content: People who are new to the job market, just fresh out of college, or only have a year of work experience can write about the internships, research projects, writing skills, project management and time management skills that they may have, and impress the employers by your ability to understand what all is required in today’s world.
Title: Numbers Don’t Lie Content: An impressive, number-oriented approach to showcasing your accomplishments and milestones, wherever they are quantifiable, is a great way to stand out with prospective recruiters.This technique goes well even after you get your job, and can be used to get a raise.
Title: Make Your Cover Letter Personal Content: Talk directly to the person you are sending your profile, making the cover letter a personal letter to them by using their names, if possible. When they see the cover letter is actually addressed to them, they would pay attention.Scan through LinkedIn, social media profiles and company websites to get the details, mission statement, culture and media mentions of your prospective employer.