Personal Development,Problem Solving,Productivity,Science & Nature
Title: The mythical Bigfoot Content: For centuries, people have reportedly seen a mythical primate-like animal in the woods of North America. It looks like a strange, large ape-like figure.This possibly fictitious animal goes by many different names - Bigfoot, Sasquatch, Yowie, Skunk Ape, and Yayali.
Title: Mythical primate-like animals: centuries-old tales Content: In the mythology of the Kwakiutl tribe that used to populate the western coast of British Columbia, Dzunukwa is a big, hairy female who lives in the mountainous forests. She spends most of her time protecting her children and sleeping.In California, there are century-old pictographs drawn by the Yokuts that show a family of giant creatures with long, shaggy hair, called "Mayak datat."Nineteenth- and early 20th-century newspapers had sections devoted to the miners, trappers, gold prospectors, and woodsmen claiming to have seen "wild men," "bear men," and "monkey men."
Title: Origin of the name Bigfoot Content: Bigfoot was a common nickname for unusually large, aggressive grizzly bears who ate cattle, sheep and attacked people.In 1958, a California tractor operator found a series of huge muddy footprints.In 1976, naturalist Ivan T. Sanderson published a book where he used footprints, eyewitnesses, and bone samples as potential evidence of "sub-humans" living of five continents, including North America's Sasquatch and the Himalayas' Yeti.In 1982, Sanderson's book was followed by the Patterson-Gimlin film. The film became a phenomenon.
Title: Bigfoot and the lack of evidence Content: Grover Krantz, a professor of physical anthropology at Washington State University also believed in Sasquatch. He was ridiculed for his conviction. During and after his death, the search for Bigfoot took on a life of its own. More sightings, films, and books emerged. Documentaries captured the public's imagination. However, there is a lack of evidence. Without a body (or skeleton), it's hard to convince others.