Personal Development,Habits,Health,Productivity
Title: Routines and structure Content: Having no routine or structure is so much more draining mentally, physically, and emotionally than any routine could ever be.You're depriving your body and mind of the energy and direction these activities would bring.
Title: No e-mails in the morning Content: If you immediately check your email or social media accounts when you wake up in the morning, you’re starting your day off in reactive mode instead of proactive. It means spending the best part of the day on other people's priorities.
Title: Writing as a self-improvement tool Content: Spending time writing every day helps you become a better communicator, improves your ability to recall important information, and it also enhances your creativity.Writing in a diary format will add the benefit of greater self-understanding
Title: Taking breaks during the day Content: Taking regular breaks keeps you from getting bored and losing focus, increasing your brain’s function at the same time. It also forces you to reevaluate what you’re working on, ensuring that you’re going in the right direction.
Title: The POMODORO technique Content: 1. Choose a task (just one at a time)2. Set a timer for 25 minutes3. Work on the task until the timer rings then put a check mark in a tracker4. Take a five minutes break5. Repeat steps 1-4 three more times, followed by a 15 minutes break.
Title: Break your day into chunks Content: Breaking your day into chunks helps you be the best you as too much time spent doing one thing can cause you to lose focus and interest.And if you’re working on something you don’t really want to do, it makes it easier because you only have to do it for a short while.
Title: Eating “productive” foods Content: Your brain operates optimally when you consume a very specific amount of glucose (25 grams) in a form that is released slowly over time. Foods that fall into this category and have positive effects on you include fish, nuts, seeds, avocado, blueberries, raw carrots, and dark chocolate.
Title: Theme your week Content: Set aside different tasks for different days of the week. And even if you can’t set aside full days to deal with certain issues, block off certain hours of the day to handle them.This can give you the time you need to make headway in those particular areas, without putting your brain on overload.
Title: Scientific 7-Minute Workout: Content: Jumping jacks;Wall sit;Push-up;Abdominal crunch;Step-up onto a chair;Squat;Triceps dip on a chair;Plank;High knees running in place;Lunge;Push-up and rotation;Side plank.
Title: Get a good night’s sleep: Content: Limit your caffeine to early in the dayChoose late-day foods that bring on sleep, like bananas, oatmeal, and potatoesUsing earplugs or a white noise machine to cut out outside noise at nightDarken your roomStay away from technology for a good hour before bedtime