Career,Personal Development,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: The Typical Job Interview Process Content: Screening call or on-site interview: lengthy when done by HR and short when it’s someone technical, also not a good time to fire all your questions.Technical interview: where your knowledge is assessed by professionals of the field.Technical assessment, homework or pair programming: a practical test of your skills.Final interview: meeting the rest of the team or company leaders.Offer.
Title: Questions For Your Screener Content: Have an introduction and a concise story to tell about your work history. Stack questions are mostly inappropriate here but you can ask the following:What is the hiring process? Be suspicious if they are asking for too much in one of the steps.Tell me about the tech team. Find more about the company’s hierarchies and the people who compose them.
Title: Asking Questions On The Technical Interview Content: Prepare well for this. At the end of the meeting, they should ask if you have questions and you can ask as many as you need to help you decide to work there or not. You can use that to build rapport if the interview was a little off.
Title: Questions To Ask At Tech Interviews Content: Who is your ideal candidate for this role?What are the biggest challenges for this role?Who sets the vision for this company? Informs you on the inner workings and prospects of the company.How do you measure the success of the team, individuals or company? Informs you on what will be most expected of you.What is the most enjoyable or frustrating thing about working here?Describe the work review process.How does an idea go from conception to implementation?Explain a technical challenge you’ve recently faced.What are the plans for onboarding new hires? Informs you on how new employees are valued.
Title: Questions For The Final Interview Content: If they make you an offer, get really clear on what is on the table — bonuses, pension, equity, vacation days, starting date, etc.