Personal Development,Problem Solving,Leadership & Management,Science & Nature
Title: Understanding the world through mental models Content: A few months ago, the world seemed reliable, but now it is changing so fast and has so many unknown dimensions, it can be hard to try and keep up.Mental models can help us understand the world better, especially during times of confusion.A mental model is simply a representation of how something works. It is a way to simplify complexity and provide direction for our choices.
Title: Compounding Content: Compounding is exponential growth.  We tend to see the immediate linear relationships in the situation, e.g., how one test diagnoses one person.The compounding effect of that relationship means that increased testing can lead to an exponential decrease in disease transmission because one infected person can infect more than just one person.
Title: Probabilistic thinking Content: In the absence of enough testing, we need to use probabilistic thinking to make decisions on what actions to take. Reasonable probability will impact your approach to physical distancing if you estimate the likelihood of transmission as being three people out of ten instead of one person out of one thousand.When you have to make decisions with incomplete information, use inversion: Look at the problem backward. Ask yourself what you could do to make things worse, then avoid doing those things.
Title: Models for society Content: Using mental models will help in understanding the dynamics of the large-scale social response.We are currently seeing first-order negatives (closing businesses), and 2nd- and 3rd-order positives (reduced transmission, less stress on the healthcare system.)We need to encourage the thinking, analysis, and decision-making that considers the effects of the effects of the decisions made. Then we need to use a feedback loop. This will give us a better chance of making good decisions.
Title: The dynamics of a social response Content: As we watch the pandemic and its consequences unfold, we see that leadership and authority are not the same things. Disasters expose the cracks in our leadership. We also see people that display strong leadership without needing any authority.
Title: Ecosystems Content: One quality of an ecosystem is its resilience - the speed at which an ecosystem recovers after a disturbance.One factor that interferes with our collective resilience is the thin buffer of our economy. The closing of shops and business has exposed the fragile supply chains. Individuals and businesses don't have enough money saved up.The other is the social ecosystem. We don't have enough medical facilities and supplies. We optimized for a narrow range of possibilities and compromised the resilience of the system.
Title: How to move forward Content: Cooperation is a powerful way to move forward both as individuals and societies. All of us have given up some independence for access to resources provided by others.We can mitigate some negative effects by leveraging our community networks to create cooperative interactions that could fill the gaps in the government response. We can also create more resilient connections in the future.Lastly, we need to consider how we can be less fragile. We can't just get "back to normal" as it proved to be too fragile. We need to ask how we can grow stronger so that we are better prepared and less vulnerable.