Communication,Personal Development,Love & Relationships
Title: Cut all the contact Content: Keep your distance and don’t text, email, meet in person or call.Cutting the ties for good when it’s over puts you on a faster path to healing.Set up an “Emergency Contact List” thatcontains all your BFFs’ phone number, when you are tempted to call your Ex, call and talk to your friends instead.Pick an activity that you can do to replace the desire of texting/calling/stalking your ex.
Title: Let Your Emotions Out Content: Cry, sob your eyes out, scream and yell. As long as it doesn’t hurt yourself or anybody else, find ways to release and let go of the pain you may be feeling.Listen to sad songs. Listening to sad songs can regulate negative emotion and mood as well as consolation.
Title: Accept the fact that it’s over Content: Coping with the end of a relationship is a little bit like a 12 step program. You will reach acceptance far sooner by staying away from that person.Don’t over-analyze what could have been different. Your mission now is to get to the place where you aren’t battling with yourself about the way things are. Do this with compassion and don’t beat yourself up.
Title: Find Yourself Content: There are a lot of personal things that made you special, you just have to find them again and get the feeling back.How was your life before the relationship?What do you want to achieve in your life and how should you start?What is the most important thing you should improve?
Title: Explore and Have Fun Content: When you’re ready to authentically have fun again, get your friends together and go out. Do something that makes you smile, laugh and feel good inside.Try something new and exciting that you always wanted to do aloneSpend quality time with your friends and familyReconnect with long-lost friendsExplore and develop new habits.
Title: Pay attention to your thoughts Content: As you look to move forward in your life, don’t deny or grasp on to your ex’s memory. Acknowledge it, smile or cry. Let the memory go instead of clinging onto it.CLEAR OUT all the things that stimulate memoriesDon’t try to escape from your feelings. Face them. Write down how you feel to help you declutter your mind.
Title: Don’t rush into another relationship Content: Don’t bounce into another relationship too quickly, thinking that you’re okay.Ask yourself what kind of relationship you want. Understanding your need before entering a relationship is key because this can save you from another heartbreak.Explore and meet new people when you are ready. Make sure you talk to them, take your time to get to know them before making the move to start a new relationship.
Title: Develop a mindful life Content: It’s good to slowly and gradually develop a mindful life so your mind can stay peaceful and calm no matter what life throws at you.