Love & Relationships,Communication
Title: Don’t accuse Content: Be conscious not to point blame at your partner by phrasing sentences that start with words such as “You make me... “ or “You didn’t…”Instead, begin by saying, “I feel hurt when…” or “I’m upset when…” Your partner will be less likely to be defensive if you don’t sound as though you’re in attack mode.
Title: Listen Content: Once you voice what’s bothering you, be sure to hear how your partner responds. Give him or her a chance to speak and listen to what he or she says.It may be that you’re misinterpreting the behavior, he or she wasn’t conscious of how you feel, or you’re doing or saying something to influence them.
Title: Be consistent Content: Healthy communication happens during the smallest of moments, not only at meals and when you’re on vacation. Speak nicely to your partner and try your best not to let stress or other distractions get the best of you.A devoted husband or wife will want to support you when you need it most, but not if you take your anxiety out on them or take his or her love for granted.
Title: Touch often Content: Communication is not only verbal. Hold hands. Kiss him or her hello and goodbye. Let your partner know without words just how much he or she means to you.Touching coupled with the right language can add depth to your relationship that words cannot.
Title: Ask questions Content: Not everyone is forthcoming with information, especially if something is bothering them.Make it a habit of asking your partner how he or she is doing and how his or her day was, even if your spouse is not always interested in speaking with you at length at that exact moment.
Title: Remain open Content: Problems tend to build as opposed to disappearing when we keep issues that are bothering us bottled up inside.If you’re having a problem, raise it with your partner, bearing in mind your delivery.
Title: Compliment your partner Content: Little acknowledgments here and there communicate to your partner that you notice him or her and are happy he or she is a part of your life.If your husband cooked you a special dinner, acknowledge it. If your wife had her hair done, tell her how lovely she looks.