Personal Development,Health,Time Management,Mental Health,Productivity
Title: Treat Your Mind Content: Stressing your mind with heavy tasks reduces the output and quality of your work. Within your budget, strive to awe yourself with unique activities and you will recover faster from the stress.It’s also important to take some time to think on the nature and purpose of your work, outside of the pressure of doing the work itself. This can be a restorative therapy to improve the way you approach your business and your career.
Title: Pause Everything Related To Work Content: If you're truly going to take a break, you need to take time off from everything:Set up auto reply for your email account.Keep only an emergency phone number activated and leave it with the few people who are likely to be apprised of any worst-case-scenario emergencies that might need your personal attention.Stay away from people with whom you have only a work relationship.
Title: Workaholism Pros And Cons Content: Being a workaholic isn’t necessarily a bad thing -- if you can balance work with pleasure. If you love your work, your “workaholism” likely brings you feelings of fulfillment and financial security.On the flipside, workaholism impacts mind, body and general productivity. Research has found a link between workaholism and reduced physical and mental well-being as well as reduced marriage satisfaction. These studies stress the importance to be cautious and take periodic breaks.
Title: Catch Up With Your Life Content: Your workaholism means you miss out on other things in life. You are increasing your income at the expense of reducing the time you have to spend enjoying that financial success.Your break is the perfect time to spend with friends, partners, make those calls you keep postponing or reconnect with old acquaintances.
Title: Treat Your Body Content: Your body is your most important work tool and break periods provide an ideal opportunity to thoroughly check your body systems.Don't ignore your body’s subtle signs that rundown is imminent. Things like poor quality of sleep, persistent aches, weight gain, high blood pressure, anxiety, poor eyesight, sleep apnea, depression and increased risk of heart attack and diabetes all are common in those who suffer from acute workaholism.