Psychology,Mindfulness,Health,Mental Health,Meditation
Title: Mindfulness when eating Content: While eating, you’re mindful if you’re paying attention to the food. You’re aware of the taste, texture, color, or smell of the food.You become mindless when you start thinking about something else. You might start thinking about what you’ve said in your meeting yesterday, or maybe you’re worried about your presentation later. You also become mindless when you start judging the taste of the food.
Title: Mindfulness when reading news Content: While reading the news, you’re mindful if you’re fully aware of what you’re reading. You know that you’re holding a newspaper or a mobile phone, and you’re reading the news (e.g about the Anti-Terrorism Law) from a specific source.You become mindless if you start dwelling on the negative things about the news. You start having a conversation in your mind and think about how they come up with this law.
Title: Mindfulness when reading a toxic post on Facebook Content: When reading a toxic post on Facebook, you’re mindful if you’re fully aware that you’re reading a Facebook post from a specific person. You’re mindful if you didn’t engage in the emotions that arise while reading it.You become mindless if you start engaging with your negative thoughts and you translate any emotions that arise with it into actions, like commenting your negative thoughts about it. Or maybe, you are now having these negative self-talk about the person who posted.
Title: Mindfulness when planning Content: When planning for the future, you’re mindful if you’re fully aware that you’re planning for the future. You know that this very moment, you’re doing this, and you’re planning what to do in the next few days, months, or years. You’re mindful if you focus on what you can do in case a problem may arise in the future.You become mindless when you start worrying about the problems that might happen in the future. Remember, worrying is not planning.
Title: Mindfulness when solving a problem Content: When solving a problem, you’re mindful if you know that there is a problem and what is the problem. Then you focus on finding the solution.Same as planning, when solving a problem, you become mindless if you start worrying, and getting stuck with it. Remember, we always mistaken worry as a way of solving the problem. That is the common pitfall we should avoid.
Title: Where to spend your energy? Content: Don’t spendyour energy on thoughts like:RuminatingWorryingSpendyour energy on thoughts like:PlanningProblem-solvingLearn how ruminating and worrying can affect our well-being here:How Overthinking Can Slow Down Your Life