Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Career,Habits
Title: Meaning in Life Content: Many of us struggle with finding meaning, as we are busy with our daily work and distractions.Meaning in life provides us with the purpose of getting up daily, energized and pepped up about the day, being productive in whatever we do.Meaningful lives lead to happiness.
Title: Meaningful Work Content:  21–35% of our life is spent at work, making it a crucial part of our lives to spend at something we find meaning in.Meaningful work should be:Motivating and purposeful.Should be coherent and make some sense.Should be significant.
Title: Connected with a Purpose Content: Meaningful work is when we feel a genuine connection with what we do for a living and our larger spectrum of life.It is motivating, creates deep relationships and helps others.
Title: The Two Myths Content: ... about meaningful work:Going after happiness gives you meaning.Following your passion guarantees meaningful work.
Title: Building a Meaningful Career Content: To build a meaningful career, identify work that has these ingredients:It's engagingIt helps othersYou're good at itIt has supportive peopleHas no major negativesYou can do it the rest of your lifeThen you can do a self-assessment, asking yourself what your interests are, what motivates you, what are your skill sets and method of working, etc.
Title: Show your Work Content: Simply sharing and showcasing what you are working on, by going public, sharing what you love, can attract like-minded people to you.
Title: Creating Meaning Now Content: Job crafting: A technique to make your current job more meaningfulTask crafting: Doing a different kind of work in your existing job, to learn and expand your capability.Relational crafting: Making deeper relations at work.Cognitive crafting: A shift in thinking about your role, and what it means.
Title: Review your Work Content: Conduct regular reviews (weekly, monthly and annually) to check if your work aligns with your values.Finding meaningful work is a long-term process and it helps to get both the micro and macro views.
Title: Create Space Content: Create space for deep and high-impact work by planning in advance a distraction-free schedule.Plan ahead and ensure there are no interruptions during the time you do deep work.
Title: The Most Important Thing Content: Do your most important, or high-impact work in the first 60 to 90 minutes of your day.By giving priority to meaningful work during the day, you eventually give it a priority in your life.
Title: Small Wins Matter Content: Keep an eye for the small victories, the small steps that are taking you towards your bigger goal.Celebrate the small wins because they take you closer to your desired career.
Title: Be a Different Person Content: Allow yourself to behave differently occasionally, and be out of character if required.In the course of making massive changes, you may start being a different person. Embrace that change, as it is in pursuit of something meaningful.
Title: Lack of Meaning at Work Content: Managers in many workplaces are a cause of lack of meaning when they:Create differences between personal and official valuesDo not appreciate employeesGive them pointless workTreat them unfairlyDisempower themPlay Divide and RuleCreate potential unsafe situations for employees.