Communication,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Charismatic leaders Content: Charismatic leaders bring out our best and make us excel. Research shows that those following charismatic leaders perform better, find their work more meaningful, and have more trust in their leaders that those who follow non-charismatic leaders. Charismatic leaders cause followers to become highly committed to the leader's mission and make personal sacrifices by mastering the art and science of personal magnetism.
Title: To master the art of personal magnetism Content: Speak slowly. Visualize the slow, emphatic tone of a judge delivering a verdict.Pause. Those who show confidence often pause for a second or two between sentences.Drop intonation. Lowering the tone of your voice at the end of a sentence sounds confident. You can even lower your intonation midsentence.Check your breathing. Try not to breathe through your mouth as it can make you sound breathless and anxious. Instead, inhale and exhale through your nose.Smile. Smiling projects more warmth in your voice. It's even worth doing when on the phone.
Title: The high imagery speech Content: The use of imagery increases charisma.Research shows that a high imagery speech resulted in higher ratings of charisma that a low imagery speech.
Title: Consistency in tone Content: Consistency in tone is very persuasive. People who don't get stirred up and maintain a narrow tonal range have a natural advantage.The more consistent they are in emphasis and rhythm, the more convincing they are to others. They are also perceived as having better ideas and a better presentation style.
Title: Technology can interfere with communication Content: It can do this by stripping away the emotional information in faces and intonation.Virtual communication may dampen laughter that would otherwise happen face-to-face.
Title: Techniques for charisma Content: To become a charismatic manager, focus on these techniques:Framing through metaphor-stories and anecdotesDemonstrating moral convictionSharing the sentiments of the groupSetting high expectationsCommunicating confidenceUsing rhetorical devices such as contrasts, lists, and rhetorical questions together with non-verbal tactics such as body gesture, facial expression, and animated voice tone.