Reading & Writing,Strategy,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Learning & Education
Title: Feynman technique Content: There are four simple steps to the Feynman Technique , which I'll explain below:Choose a ConceptTeach it to a ToddlerIdentify Gaps and Go Back to The Source MaterialReview and Simplify (optional)***If you're not learning you're standing still. So what's the best way to learn new subjects and identify gaps in our existing knowledge?There are two types of knowledge and most of us focus on the wrong one. The first type of knowledge focuses on knowing the name of something. The second focuses on knowing something. These are not the same thing. The famous Nobel winning physicist Richard Feynman  understood the difference between knowing something and knowing the name of something and it's one of the most important reasons for his success. In fact, he created a formula for learning that ensured he understood something better than everyone else.A lot of people tend to use complicated vocabulary and jargon to mask when they don't understand something. The problem is we only fool ourselves because we don't know that we don't understand. In addition, using jargon conceals our misunderstanding from those around us.When you write out an idea from start to finish in simple language that a child can understand (tip: use only the most common words), you force yourself to understand the concept at a deeper level and simplify relationships and connections between ideas. If you struggle, you have a clear understanding of where you have some gaps. That tension is good -it heralds an opportunity to learn.In step one, you will inevitably encounter gaps in your knowledge where you're forgetting something important, are not able to explain it, or simply have trouble connecting an important concept.This is invaluable feedback because you've discovered the edge of your knowledge. Competence is knowing the limit of your abilities, and you've just identified one!This is where the learning starts. Now you know where you got stuck, go back to the source material and re-learn it until you can explain it in basic terms.Identifying the boundaries of your understanding also limits the mistakes you're liable to make and increases your chance of success when applying knowledge.Now you have a set of hand-crafted notes. Review them to make sure you didn't mistakenly borrow any of the jargon from the source material. Organize them into a simple story that flows.Read them out loud. If the explanation isn't simple or sounds confusing that's a good indication that your understanding in that area still needs some work.