Teamwork,Communication,Remote Work,Leadership & Management
Title: Why 1:1’s are important Content: Making time for an individual says you give a damn about them as a person.The 1:1 is the only forum where you can have an honest, private, conversation with each other about what’s really going on.This is a routine opportunity for you, as a manager, to assess the parts (your employees) that lead to the productive whole (your team).Constructive 1:1s throughout the year makes performance reviews a breeze. With routine 1:1s, review time can be more about goalsand the year ahead instead of constructive feedback from the past.
Title: Set expectations Content: If this is a new process you are putting in place at your company/in your team, be transparent about it.Be clear that you do this with all employees who work directly for you.Book a regular cadence of 1:1s. They should not be ad-hoc.It’s ok to skip one every once and awhile, but having it locked into the calendar is a commitment.Decide the best cadence with them (weekly or every other week? 30 minutes or an hour?) and what the format should be.
Title: The agenda Content: Topics in a 1:1 should be about professional growth, personal connection and for giving each other feedback. Do not use the meeting to re-hash things from a group meeting, unless there are specific things you took off-line in that meeting or need to provide/get constructive feedback.24 hours or so before the meeting, email the employee a list of what you’d like to cover. Try to do a split between strategic, tactical and personal items and always ask your employee what they want to cover too.
Title: The 1:1 meeting Content: Walk through the agenda. Ask if there’s anything else to add before you dig in.If there are hard things to discuss , try to bookend it with 2 positive topics. That way, the close of the meeting doesn’t leave your employee feeling down.Do not monopolize the conversation. This is for you each to get time to talk.Always end the meeting asking them how things are going overall and if there is anything else you can do to make them successful.
Title: After the meeting Content: It is important to always follow up any 1:1 with notes on what was discussed, decisions made and, if relevant, any constructive feedback that will be measured going forward. Keep it short and sweet.