Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Excuses Content: People use excuses to rationalize their actions regarding their circumstances, their actions toward other people, and regarding certain events. It is also one of the primary reasons why people are unable to accomplish what they want out of life.
Title: Stop comparing Content: When you are comparing yourself to others,you are probably only seeing part of the whole picture.If you are making an excuse not to try something new, because you are comparing yourself to others who are experts in the field, remember that they were also inexperienced at some stage.
Title: Stop fearing the unknown Content: The unknown can be scary, but it may not be a negative thing. Many good things can come from taking a step into the unknown.
Title: Stop blaming others Content: Playing the blame game is very destructive. The blame game entails blaming someone else for something that happened to you and staying convinced that it was someone else's fault.Instead, be proactive and make the necessary changes to resolve a situation.
Title: Take responsibility Content: Take ownership of your own actions and their consequences to gain the respect of other people.Indirect responsibility involves moving beyond yourself to take necessary action to help other people.
Title: Take action Content: Part of taking action involves taking risks with the big plans you have in mind.Stop making excuses and take the action that is needed.
Title: Set small, attainable goals Content: Many people feel overwhelmed with large goals and so they don't know where to start.Break down your ultimate goal into many smaller goals that are attainable, so you can make progress.
Title: Learn from your mistakes Content: Mistakes are learning opportunities. One can analyze what went wrong, what to avoid and how to do better in the future.
Title: Don’t focus on your weaknesses Content: Be aware of your weaknesses, but do not focus on them. Focus on your strengths.Delegate the tasks where you know you will not be able to do a good job.
Title: You have the power to change Content: Do not make excuses for being complacent. It only takes motivation to change. If you feel unsure of how to change, enlist some help from other people.
Title: Self-efficacy Content: Having self-efficacy means you are confident in your own abilities to handle situations.Rise to the challenge to overcome the hardships that comes your way.
Title: Visualize your success Content: Visualize what achieving your goal will look and feel like. It can motivate you to accomplish your goals.
Title: You’re not perfect Content: No one is perfect. Accept your mistakes and realize that other people are willing to accept your mistakes as well, especially if you own up an learn from them.
Title: A habit that can be changed Content: Making excuses is a habit that is limiting your ability to meet your full potential.But you can change the habit of making excuses. Find out what you are really trying to avoid (for example, doing extra work or giving up your free time) and address the issues head on.