Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Habits
Title: Working Hard Content: "Work Hard" is one of the oldest pieces of advice for success.According to the author Malcolm Gladwell, it takes 10,000 hours of deliberate practice to attain mastery.Doing anything worthwhile requires hard work, becoming great at it requires an obsession.Plus, hard work is the one prerequisite for changing the world.
Title: 40 Hours A Week Content: Truly working 40 hours in a week is rare because just completing your work hours doesn't amount to real work. 40 hours of great work output can come from 60 or more hours of 'regular' work.Work can also take many different forms, and is not confined to the working that is 'visible'.
Title: Work Becomes Play Content: Discover something you love to do, that you’re good at doing, and that you can get compensated for.When work becomes play, it doesn't stress us out and doesn't seem to exhaust us. Work that is fun for us, becomes great work.Joyful, meaningful work is one of the keys to being successful.
Title: Success Requires Sacrifice Content: A handful of people who have gotten extraordinarily lucky make it seem like success may be easy for anyone.Success isn't a cakewalk and requires sacrifices, crazy hours, and pain.Success is filled with disappointment and setbacks along the journey.
Title: One Thing At A Time Content: Focus on what you are great at, and what you want to do for the rest of your life, as time is a limited resource, and you cannot be great at everything.

Attain mastery by focusing on one thing and utilizing your time well, instead of being distracted with multiple options.
Title: Time Spent Working Content: This is not a reliable metric for hard work.True success is achieved by working in a focused way with quality output, and cannot be measured by counting the work hours.
Title: Genius Work is Done Alone Content: Genius level work is often done alone. Deep, creative work requires 'flow' and that is best achieved when you have no one around them to distract the train of thought and the creative sparks that arise in a quiet state.
Title: Massive Success Content: Massive Success means being the absolute best of your domain.There are three ways one can be massively successful:Getting extraordinarily luckyBeing born with exceptional gifts that no one has.Working crazy hours.