
Title: Importance of CV Content: Employers take an average of 6 seconds to review each CV. That means you have just a few seconds to impress them with your previous work experience and skills. Building your resume from scratch can be a headache if you’re not sure where to start. Luckily, there are websites that can make the job a lot easier.
Title: 1)  Canva  Content: Welcome to this ultra easy-to-use and modern website that’ll help you build a creative CV which will stand out from the competition! Canva is free to use, but gives you the option to purchase premium elements for good prices such as graphics, icons, and shapes. No previous design experience is required, as this website has a library of over 1000 templates to choose from and customize. It’s definitely a great option for those who want to make something creative and unique! 
Title: 2)  CV Maker Content: It’s a great option if you’re seeking to assemble a professional resume rather than a creative one. All you have to do is fill out your information including education, work experience, and qualifications; then you can download or save it. The website also has premium features that allow you to access more templates, an advanced rich text editor, and the option to email the CV directly from the website, saving you valuable time.
Title: 3)  Top CV  Content: If you have no idea how to start writing your CV, what should you include or leave off, you can use this website to match with an expert writer that goes through your career history and experience. 
Title: 4)  Jobulo Content: A great website if you’re looking to quickly create a simple CV . Similar to the other websites here, Jobulo has a library of free templates. 
Title: 5) Resume.Io  Content: Want to create a quick professional resume in three simple steps? This is the place for you! Unlike the other websites, Resume.io has a limited library of templates with only six to choose from. Select your favorite template, import your data from a social media site or enter it manually and download it. This website also provides examples of outstanding CVs in case you need a boost of inspiration. 
Title: End Content: No matter which website you choose to use, make sure your resume is organized and well-formatted before you send it to potential employers or recruiters. As soon as your CV and cover letter are ready, head to our jobs page and apply for your next hospitality job on Hosco!  