Personal Development,Health,Habits,Money & Investments
Title: The Seven Pillars of Wellness: Content: Spiritual WellnessPhysical WellnessFinancial WellnessEmotional WellnessIntellectual WellnessEnvironmental WellnessSocial Wellness
Title: Spiritual Wellness and Minimalism Content: Spiritual wellness is not about any specific faith, but about fostering a sense of inner peace and harmony, while conducting activities that supports one's beliefs and values.Minimalism, at its core, is about alignment with our core values, while removing distractions. Minimalism contributes significantly to spiritual wellness by directing our finite resources of time, money and energy towards the things that matter to us the most.
Title: Minimalism and Physical Wellness Content: Physical wellness is about developing healthy habits and minimizing any risky behaviors, which can affect our well-being.Minimalism encourages physical wellness by making healthier eating choices, avoiding any unnecessary eating, focusing on an active lifestyle, and removing physical clutter from our surroundings.
Title: Minimalism and Financial Wellness Content: Financial wellness is about recognizing our financial situation and our relationship with money so that we can make rational decisions.Minimalism by nature propagates buying less and being able to live on less money. This can make us get out of debt, get ahead financially, and give more to society.Minimalism also makes it possible to see where our money is going, so we can optimize accordingly.
Title: Minimalism and Emotional Wellness Content: Emotional wellness is about understanding yourself and being emotionally balanced.Minimalism makes us focus on what we value the most by eliminating everything that distracts us. This helps us understand ourselves because, after the process of removing possessions from our lives, we have the space to dig deep into our hearts.
Title: Minimalism and Intellectual Wellness Content: Intellectual wellness is about spurring a sense of curiosity by exposing yourself to new experiences, concepts, and ideas that are mentally stimulating and creative.Minimalism opens the pathway towards intellectual wellness, by providing us an opportunity to experience new ways of living, which were unknown to us before, under the usual garb of comforts.
Title: Minimalism and Environmental Wellness Content: Environmental wellness is about protecting and sustaining your surrounding environment to promote health and well-being. Minimalism contributes to environmental wellness because when we purchase and consume less, we are living a life that is better for the atmosphere around us.The more we donate and discard our possessions, the more it is used for recycling and reuse, helping save the environment.
Title: Minimalism and Social Wellness Content: Social wellness is about making meaningful connections with people, taking an active part in your community and sustaining positive relationships.Minimalism frees us to experience the company of others, as we have ample time and space to spend time with our family and children, instead of chasing, accumulating and caring for unneeded possessions.
Title: Minimalism and Happiness Content: Minimalism provides a pathway to happiness and living a meaningful life, as it supports and encourages each of the seven wellness pillars.It recognizes that lasting happiness and fulfillment cannot be found in material possessions.