Health,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Your goals with home exercising Content: Consider what you're trying to achieve.If your goal is general health and well-being, a pleasant stroll is sufficient.If you want to lift heavy weights, there isn't a minimalist setup that can replicate a barbell. While a barbell and weight plates would let you do almost everything, you need quite a bit of room to use them, ideally an outdoor area or a garage.
Title: Heavy kettlebells Content: Two heavy kettlebells are the next best thing to a bar and plates. A weight of between 20 and 24 kilograms (45 to 52 pounds) is recommended.By using the kettlebells individually or together, you can focus on almost every muscle group by squatting, swinging, pressing, pulling, or pushing them.**
Title: Resistance bands and a stick Content: Two kettlebells might not be enough resistance for movements like squats and deadlifts. Some resistance or pull-up bands can increase resistance when you do "sumo-style" squats and deadlifts by looping one band around your wide-spread feet and through the handles of the kettlebells.Add a wooden broom handle, and you have a wide range of new exercises. With a stick and a band, you can do many pulling exercises.
Title: Gymnastic rings Content: Gymnastic rings or suspension straps can be used to do pull-ups and rows. They are also used for some ab exercises.Both gymnastic rings and suspension straps can be mounted to a sturdy door.
Title: Expanding your gym Content: There are always pieces you can add to your gym, depending on your goals.If you have space, a barbell is the best thing you can buy. Up to 225 pounds is suitable for an average person.For cardio, you can run outside, add a jump rope, or use a bicycle.Sandbags and slam balls allow for more high-intensity workouts outdoors.A yoga mat makes the floor movements more comfortable.More kettlebells or a set of dumbbells can also be added.
Title: Workouts inspiration Content: Gear will only be as good as your knowledge of how to use it safely and effectively.Reddit's Bodyweight Fitness community has put together a fully-scalable bodyweight routine.Online personal training can give you direction, accountability, and easy access to an expert coach.Other services, like 8fit and NEOU, have many workouts to try out.