Health,Mental Health,Personal Development,Communication,Psychology
Title: Stop And Breathe Content: Anxiety is typically experienced as worrying about a future or past event. But anxiety loses its grip when you clear your mind of worry and bring your awareness back to the present.When anxiety takes you out of the present, regain control by sitting down and taking a few deep breaths. You can also try using a breathing exercise and mantra.
Title: A Simple Breathing Technique Content: Sit in a comfortable position.Close your eyes and inhale slowly through your nose. Exhale deeply.Continue to breathe deeply and fully. Allow your breath to be a guide to the present.With each breath in, think to yourself “be” and with each breath out, focus on the word “present. ”
Title: Figure Out What's Bothering You Content: The physical symptoms of panic and anxiety, such as trembling, chest pain, and rapid heartbeat, are more obvious than the reason you are anxious. But, to get to the root of your anxiety, you need to stop and think about your thoughts and feelings.Writing all that bothers you or talking with a friend can help you understand your anxious feelings.
Title: Dump It Or Deal With It Content: Many times anxiety stems from fearing things that haven’t happened and may never occur. Control how you deal with the unknown and turn your anxiety into a source of strength by letting go of fear and focusing on gratitude.However, your anxiety may be rooted in realistic fears. If so, then taking action may make you feel more in control of the situation and may be the only answer to reducing your anxiety.
Title: Focus On Something Else Content: At times, it may be helpful to simply redirect yourself to focus on something other than your anxiety.Things you can do to decrease anxiety:Listen to musicGo for a walk or exerciseDo some chores or organizing around the houseDo something creativeRead a good book or watch a funny moviePray or meditate
Title: When To Look For Help Content: Occasional anxiety is normal, but chronic anxiety can be a sign of a diagnosable anxiety disorder.If you are experiencing regular anxiety or panic symptoms, talk with your doctor or other professionals who treat panic disorder. They will be able to address any concerns you have, provide information on diagnosis, and discuss your treatment options.