Personal Development,Problem Solving,Health,Habits
Title: You can generate Motivation Content: You can produce motivation at your own command if you understand how it works.Motivation is not random. Like every other effect, it's caused by something. When you grasp this, you no longer have to force yourself to do the work, but you can use the power of motivation to your advantage.
Title: Power versus Force Content: Forcing yourself to work is like swimming against the current. You'll need a lot of force to get to your destination.Getting yourself motivated to do the work is like swimming with the current. You'll make use of power that will energize and support you. You'll get to your destination in a completely different mood and perspective.
Title: Generate the power of Motivation Content: The most likely reason you feel unmotivated is that you are in a lousy state of mind. It can be caused by various things, like:Feeling stressedSleeping inExcessive drinkingHanging out with unmotivated and unambitious peopleThe lack of clear goals & prioritiesWatching a lot of TV or Netflix or scrolling through social media Eating bad foods that create energy crashes or a heavy feelingProcrastinatingAs an antidote, apply a few state change 'hacks' to turn your state of mind.
Title: Becoming highly motivated Content: Integrate peak-state habits in your daily life. Most peak-state habits involve the use of your body: Change the way you move, and you'll change the way you feel.Do things like breathing exercises, take a cold shower, meditate, listen to an inspiring podcast or watch a motivational video. Focus on the pleasure of the work or review your goals. It will put you in a more energetic and motivated mindset.
Title: When you feel unmotivated Content: For the moments in which you don't feel motivated, try to change your state as quickly as possible. The longer you wait, the harder it’ll become.Successfully changing your state at will, again and again, is what will help you perform at the highest level.