Productivity,Health,Personal Development,Time Management
Title: Clear your wardrobe Content: Take everything out of your wardrobe and pile it on the bed.Create 3 piles; things to go to charity, to sell or to the bin.Anything you haven’t worn in the past 6 months goes straight to one of the piles.Work your way through each item and see its necessity.The rest goes back into the wardrobe, sectioned off into each type of clothing.
Title: Trim your wallet Content: Take out all the cards in your wallet and go through what is needed on a regular basis.Get rid of your coffee loyalty cards, and any cards that are rarely needed put in in a safe place. The result is you have less to carry and getting to the card you need is easier.
Title: Get rid of your Smartphone Content: Many things you are using your smartphone for are time fillers. You can read emails at home or at work. You need to plan for banking and google maps, most things you can live without.Go back to basics and buy yourself a simple phone. Try it for one month and see how you go.
Title: Unsubscribe to emails Content: Only subscribe to things that are going to add value to your life. Be tough on this, as your email address will be sold on. One subscription could mean lots of unsolicited emails.
Title: Less Social Media Content: If you’re taking a break from your smartphone, you can take a break from social media.Trial a week or so without social media and see how you feel. You’ll be surprised how much you don’t miss it!
Title: Change your commute Content: Think about your morning commute. Can you improve the way you travel? This doesn’t mean a faster route, it could mean a nicer route or a more comfortable way to travel.Don’t battle the time it takes to get to work, make it enjoyable and use it wisely. Take the time to read, meditate, listen to music or a podcast.
Title: No sugar in your coffee Content: Try your coffee without sugar and after about 3 days you'll start to enjoy the real coffee. Without the sugar craving, you'll also drink less coffee.
Title: Clear your countertop & desk Content: Get rid of trinkets and clear it up before heading to bed.Make sure to keep your desk clear at work if you can. Fewer distractions mean fewer things to think about.
Title: Reduce your goals & to-do list Content: Do one big and important thing at a time. Only start a new one when you have completed the last one. Be sure to say ‘no’ to things which might make your to-do list unmanageable.
Title: Eat Less & eat better Content: Eat a big breakfast, a small lunch and a tiny dinner.Everyone’s different but if you eat more than you burn you’ll struggle as the years go by. Too much processed and sugary foods will make you sluggish.
Title: Sit less Content: Get a stand-up desk or get up from your desk every hour or so. Set a reminder, then after a week, you’ll have created a habit. Get out of the office at lunch and walkabout.The human body is not designed to sit for 8 hours a day. Move around, stretch and get away from your computer screen.
Title: Shop less, buy online Content: Shop less and buy online for regular purchases. Support local suppliers that can deliver online at a competitive rate.Finding companies that do this can save you lots of time and energy. You can automate payments and deliveries, reducing things you need to do.
Title: Slow down and breath Content: Be conscious of your surroundings and enjoy the moment. Get out of the office at work, go for a stroll, read a book in a coffee shop for 20 mins. When things get on top of you concentrate on your breathing, this will focus your mind and calm you.
Title: Less plastic bags Content: Use fewer plastic bags. Carry a couple of tote bags in your work bag or car. Reducing waste and helping the environment is something to consider.
Title: Less debt Content: If you owe lots of people money, there is pressure to pay it all back.Buy a simpler car with cash, rather than a fancy one with debt. Get rid of credit cards. Shop more sensibly. Make a budget. This is a hustle but worth it.
Title: Four-day work week Content: This is the way we should all be heading. If you can supplement your 5th day of work from more earning or savings then it can be done.Think out of the box to change up your workweek, life is for living.