Personal Development,Communication,Psychology,Leadership & Management
Title: Be a Professional Cheerleader Content: Charismatic people offer encouragement instead of skeptically listening to people’s goals and ideas.Find ways to encourage people while still holding them accountable:Reward good work.Assign credit where credit is due.Give genuine compliments.
Title: Charismatic People Bring People Together Content: Charismatic people have lots of connections and share them regularly. Highly charismatic people are not only great at meeting new people, but also sharing their talent with their connections by introducing people who they know will get along well.This quality is part of the reason charismatic people are such sought after connections; they spread their social wealth.
Title: Likability is Key To Your Own Charisma Content: Likable leaders earn the trust of their team members and treat them well, and that makes the team’s performance better.Teams with likable leaders tend to be more stable long-term because of lower turnover rates and are also better with changes since they are more likely to have employees committing to adopting to new ways.
Title: Create A Competence Baseline Content: Research indicates that we like to be seen as competent, but we prefer to work with people who are warm. Ensure your skills are up to the task and then focus on your likability.
Title: Avoid Socializing On Bad Days Content: When you’re not feeling your best for whatever reason it's impossible to interact with people at your highest level of charisma.Even if you try to look happy, your face will betray you by subtly showing signs of your hidden emotions. It is much better to opt out of going to a unnecessary event than it is to show up and be unable to give people your best self.
Title: Redefine Boring Content: Everyone has an incredible story within them. All you have to do is be interested.You are responsible if you’re bored. To be good with people take responsibility and actively engage in the conversation instead of passively participating in the hopes others will share something interesting.
Title: Don't Gossip Content: There is a scientific principle called “Spontaneous Trait Transference” that says that when you speak ill of someone, people associate that same trait with you.Don’t speak ill of others. If you want to talk about someone, try gushing. Pick someone who you adore, imagine you’re giving them a toast and share all of their awesome qualities.
Title: Be A Great Conversationalist Content: Charismatic people know how to listen well and do so more often than they speak.They ask clarification questions. Ask follow-up questions and ask for examples to increase your connection with the speaker and understanding of the subject matter.
Title: Charisma Doesn’t Equal Perfection Content: Research indicates that showing vulnerability increases one’s likability. The same research indicates that seeming to be perfect makes people perceive you as less charismatic.
Title: Charisma Content: ... is a compelling attractiveness or charm that can inspire devotion in others.Charisma isn’t necessarily an innate talent and can be acquired with the right understanding of charisma science.