Health,Personal Development,Food,Money & Investments,Marketing & Sales
Title: Oreos: The best-selling cookies in the world Content: Oreos have been around since 1912. They are the best-selling cookies in the world and sold in over 100 countries.When they were introduced in 1912, they were known as Oreo Biscuit, then changed names to Oreo Sandwich in 1921, and 1937 took on the name of Oreo Crème Sandwich. The final change came in 1974 when the cookie became known as the Oreo Chocolate Sandwich Cookie.
Title: Oreo was not an original concept Content: Food scientist Sam J. Porcello invented the newer version of the Oreo. He was one of the world's foremost experts on cocoa and helped develop the extra indulgent chocolate and white chocolate-covered Oreo.The original recipe for Oreo cookies contained lard (pork fat). With the changing climate of the low-fat 1990s, the lard was replaced, and the cookie became kosher and unexpectedly also vegan.
Title: Unusual Oreos Content: In 1984, The Oreo Big Stuf was launched. Individually wrapped, the snack was a massive 316 calories (a single Oreo contains about 53 calories) and took around 20 minutes to eat.Oreo cookies are also used in pie crusts, churros, and ice cream cones.In January 2017, Virginia-based The Veil Brewing Company released a version of their chocolate milk stout infused with real Oreo cookies. It was sold out within a week.Game of Thrones Oreo: One winter, a special edition Oreos came out embossed with the crests of the four remaining (at the time) houses. The cookie company went to the production company that made the main titles for GoT Elastic. The Oreo-meets-GoT universe took about 2,750 computer-generated Oreos with 20 million crumbs scattered throughout the Oreo-scape.
Title: The design of Oreos Content: William Turnier was responsible for designing the Oreo. He initially worked at the company mailroom, shadowed creative employees within the company and learned industrial engineering. He was later asked to update Oreo's design.The design goes back to monks in Medieval times. The monks used the design on the bottom of manuscripts copied. It was a sign of craft, saying they did the best they could. The company liked the look and the meaning, and Oreo received its new design.