Health,Personal Development,Food
Title: Control stress Content: Stress-induced emotions consume huge amounts of energy.Talk with a friend or relative, join a support group, or see a psychotherapist to help diffuse stress.
Title: Lighten your load Content: Overwork is one of the main reasons for fatigue. It can include professional, family and social obligations.Try to streamline your list of "must-do" activities.Set your priorities and pare down the less important tasks. Consider asking for extra help.
Title: Exercise Content: Exercise gives your cells more energy to burn and circulates oxygen. Exercising causes your body to releasestress hormones that in modest amounts can make you feel energized.
Title: Avoid smoking Content: Smoking siphons off your energy by causing insomnia.The nicotine in tobacco is a stimulant, so it speeds the heart rate, raises blood pressure, and stimulates brain-wave activity associated with wakefulness, making it harder to fall asleep.
Title: Restrict your sleep Content: Avoid napping during the day.The first night, go to bed later than normal and get just four hours of sleep.If you feel that you slept well during that four-hour period, add another 15–30 minutes of sleep the next night.As long as you're sleeping soundly the entire time you're in bed, slowly keep adding sleep on successive nights.
Title: Eat for energy Content: Eating small meals and snacks every few hours can reduce your perception of fatigue because your brain needs a steady supply of nutrients.Eat foods with a low glycemic index to help youavoid the lag in energy that typically occurs after eating quickly absorbed sugars or refined starches. Foods includewhole grains, high-fiber vegetables, nuts, and healthy oils such as olive oil.Proteins and fats have glycemic indexes that are close to zero.
Title: Use caffeine to your advantage Content: Having a cup of coffee can help sharpen your mind, butyou have to use it judiciously.Coffee can cause insomnia, especially when consumed in large amounts or after 2 p.m.
Title: Limit alcohol Content: Avoid drinking alcohol at lunch. The sedative effect of alcohol is especially strong at midday.Avoid a five o'clock cocktail if you want to have energy in the evening.If you're going to drink,do so when you don't mind having your energy wind down.
Title: Drink water Content: If your body is short of fluids, one of the first signs is a feeling of fatigue.