Health,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Finding the right rope Content: Picking the right rope starts with the handles. Most have a mechanism that allows the rope to rotate in the grips.Consider your height. Some ropes list a height range while others let you choose the rope length in feet based on a sizing guide.If you're starting, invest in a cable-based rope. The cable should weigh between 3 and 4 ounces.
Title: The proper fit Content: Once you have the rope on hand, place the middle of the rope underneath the arch of one foot.  Stand straight up, pull the cable up vertically while holding the handles parallel to the ground, so their size is excluded from the measurement. The ends of the cables should be even with, or below, the bottom of your sternum.
Title: The correct hand position Content: Your hands should be in front of your pelvis - generally the middle of your body - or near where your pockets are. Your elbows should be slightly bent.Your hands should not be too far away from your body out to the sides as it makes the rope shorter.Your hands should be positioned so that your thumbs are towards the outside of your body, with your forearms facing forwards.Lightly grip each handle between your thumb and index finger.Once you're jumping, move your hands in "tight circles."
Title: Start with a toe catch Content: Start with the rope behind you, pulling on your calves, your hands in front of you, and the cable end of the handles pointing frontwards. Then do an initial swing with your arms. For a toe catch drill, swing the rope over your head once, then trap it with the front of your feet without jumping it. After that, try to jump over it just once, then catch it. Then do it twice, and catch it, and continue.Don't forget to bring your hands back to the position near your hips.
Title: Pay attention to your jumping Content: The rope should have a pleasant "horseshoe" shape.Your feet should be close together.The rope should contact the ground about 10 inches in front of you.Stay on the balls of your feet.