Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Habits
Title: Live a 24-Hour Life Content: We, humans, want pleasure and results as soon as possible. We start taking action, but it often happens that we fall off the wagon because we don’t see results that fast.From then on, every morning you wake up, you should focus on the day ahead of you, to take action towards your goal(s), and achieve incremental progress.
Title: Commit to Your Health  Content: To increase the level of your health, and by default the level of productivity, because you will be more energetic and focused:Get enough sleepCreate a healthy diet for yourselfMove more.
Title: Develop a Morning Routine Content: Amorning routine aims to make you alert, help you take care of your health, intellectual and spiritual growth. Develop 2 types of habits:Habits that can improve the quality of your life in the presentHabits that can improve the quality of your life in the futureIdeally, you should focus to form habits that give you both — such as exercising.
Title: Clarify Daily Priorities Content: The main reason why this is important is because not knowing priorities, or just partially knowing them, makes us random and it takes us more time to get to actual work.Instead of having to decide on these things in the morning and losing precious willpower and decision-making ability, map it out the night before.
Title: Gamify the Process With The X Method Content: All you need to do is take a big wall calendar that has an entire month on it and place it somewhere visible.For each day that you do the positive behavior or stay away from doing a negative one, you get to put a big X on that day.After a week or two, you’ll have a chain, and you’ll like seeing that chain of X’s, so much so that you will do almost everything you can to maintain it.
Title: Crush Procrastination  Content: ...by deconstructing tasks. Program yourself to break the task at hand into smaller pieces immediately, and just get yourself to do the first one in the sequence.In most cases, finishing the first task will trigger a momentum, and that will make it easier to complete the remaining mini-tasks.
Title: Fight The 4 Types of Distractions Content: Mental Distractions: Breathe and remind yourself of what is really worth your time.PhysicalDistractions: Make sure you declutter your work environment.Digital Distractions: Delete apps, place your phone out of the reach and turn off notifications.Social Distractions: Communicate your style of working to people and expectations. And use headphones.
Title: Evaluate Your Day Content: Evaluate how well you’ve executed your plan in the previous period, so you can improve it based on the insights you’ve gathered.Try to make it a habit just before you go to bed. Take some time to evaluate your day and see what can you do better in the morning.