Mental Health,Health,Personal Development,Science & Nature,Money & Investments
Title: Dance Movement Therapy Content: It is the type of therapy that uses the entire body through dance and movement to boost one's well-being. It helps the brain with regulating its emotions through body posture changes and movements.It allows the clients to be creative using its body movements as a medium and the message.It has shown to be effective in treating patients who have Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and even depression.
Title: How Dance Movement Therapy is practiced Content: DMT can be applied in various ways. It could involve talking, with music or without. It can also be done in group sessions which involves checking in on where they are mentally, physically, and emotionally.In practicing DMT it allows the person to explore movements, new and old, that can evoke peculiar perceptions and emotions undiscovered. It makes the client release repressed feelings and better understand oneself.
Title: Dance Movement Therapy's effect on Parkinson's Content: Dancing generally involves learning sequences of variations of steps and gestures that is in sync with music, but it could also be done performatively without music.It involves the person's physical and cognitive behavior. It helps to enhance one's muscle strength, balance and coordination, memory, and attention span.
Title: How Dance Movement Therapy changes your brain structure Content: Since dancing is involved in many aspects of the brain, it augments the person's memory, motor control, and it improves the performance of the communicative process of the two hemispheres in the brain.
Title: Forward-looking into the possibilities of dance movement therapy Content: It has been asserted that the body is inseparable from the constant alternating synergy with the brain. Due to this, varying feelings, thoughts, emotions, and behaviors affect our bodies thought movements.In addition to this, dance movement therapy could also awaken repressed memories, restructure our brains, and dispense our whims and creativity. New ways of moving and dancing may produce new ways of feeling and perceiving the world.