Travel
Title: Always pack a towel  Content: That's why to speed-up the process and make things a little simple for you. Here are the 69 travel tips that you should learn to have a better travel experience. Knowing how to pack and what to pack is important but I'm not going into details here. And what's more important is to pack your own towel on every single for easy travels. You never know when you find the need for it, whether during a trek into the mountains or on a beach. And honestly packing a small towel won't hurt your back. Hostels and hotels do provide their own towels (clean according to them). Still packing your own towel is one of the best travel tips. 
Title: Buy a small backpack/suitcase

 Content: This one is also to teach you how to pack. As there are several benefits of packing light. Buying a small backpack (with the capacity of 35/40 liters) would force you to pack everything that you will actually need on your trip. And honestly, 40 litters is enough to pack for a two weeks trip and you'll still have some space. But make sure not to use that space by packing things that you are not even going to use on your trip. 
Title: Pack light (FYI – not talking about flashlight) Content: No-one will think you are poor if you wear the same t-shirt for a few days in a row, especially when you are traveling. After all, it helps you remove the excess weight from your backpack. The best way to pack light is by packing the half clothes you think you are going to need. Buy a small backpack as mentioned in the above point and it will help you pack light. 
Title: Don’t forget to take extra socks
And 
Don’t buy a money belt or fanny pack or whatever

 Content: You can take out the pair of jeans and t-shirts, maybe even a jacket from your backpack. But always pack extra pairs of socks this is one of the important travel tips. As there is nothing more comfortable than a pair of fresh sock when traveling. Try it and thank me later. Not just they look stupid but you are also making things easy for mugs and thugs. It's like you are screaming, I'm new here, check my fanny pack, its full of money. You can steal it or rip me off by charging double fare for the ride. Honestly, just don't buy a money belt. 
Title:   Content: Disasters happen. On my last trip to Tosh, I faced one of such disasters. Heavy rainfall created the flood situation and the Manali-Delhi highway was swept off. I had to extend my trip and pay extra for the stay and ride back to Delhi. Not just this but getting robbed and losing cards is one of such disasters that requires you to carry an extra debit or credit card. Carrying an extra card will help you to stay connected to your funds even in case of a disaster. 