Personal Development,Mental Health,Psychology,Health,Communication
Title: Anger And The Trauma String Content: Any event that triggers our anger can be only seen by us completely, as it lights up various ‘bulb’s inside our minds, triggering many sleeping emotions, which are invisible to others and that makes them feel we are overreacting to the event.They are oblivious of the inner fireworks that went off with the spark, and the string which pulled your past traumatic experiences.
Title: Vicarious Trauma Content: It happens when other people's bad experience is reimagined by you, sparking memories of your own similar experience, triggering strong reactions. Deeply buried events that were supposedly forgotten are resurfaced, leading to traumatic feelings that can be hard to understand by others, like grief, frustration, helplessness and agitation.
Title: Anger Is Good Content: Anger, surprisingly, can be constructive, an active ingredient to energize and motivate a person. It can be useful and powerful if channelled in the right way. The adrenalin that flows during a fit of anger can blind a person if not handled appropriately.If left unchecked, anger can lead to nightmares, chronic anxiety, and panic attacks.
Title: Breathe To Regulate Emotions Content: To regulate your emotions, our breath is the best place to start.Taking a few deep breaths grounds you and makes you calm and relaxed. Deep breathing helps us to metabolize our stress hormones, regulate our emotions and release tension.
Title: Ways To Treat Anger Content: Apart from deep breathing, Aromatherapy helps calm the nervous system, as it treats the olfactory nerve which passes through the brain’s limbic system, the part where we process our memories and emotions. The use of Eucalyptus oils adds to its effectiveness.Crying helps release toxins, as does exercising which releases sweat.
Title: Support Communities Content: The feeling of community, to share stories, and feel validated is a great way to release stress and anger.Breaking the silence and the isolation, the traumatized person gains new perspective, support and even new friends. Any group that is joined, a music group, virtual chat room, or a religious/spiritual group provides a healthy outlet.
Title: Paint Your Blues Content: An outlet that works wonders is expressing your inner anger and trauma by drawing, painting, singing or just talking with your friends and well-wishers.Colours on a blank canvas are cathartic. Expressing yourself in a neutral setting provides a healthy space to let out your inner negative energies.
Title: Pick A Hobby Content: Focusing on a particular activity or project is a way to quell and heal your inner dragon. Whether it’s a house project, fixing cars or gardening, a positive contribution that adds value can be very empowering. Simple gestures of giving, kindness and gratitude also help.