Business,Startups,Entrepreneurship,Money & Investments
Title: It takes more than just passion Content: Make sure that you’re actually good at what you do.Ask yourself if you’re willing to put in the hard work and if there is a market for you to tap into. Even if it’s just talking to some of the regulars at your favorite restaurant or bar, their feedback can be priceless.
Title: How can you make something better Content: Let’s say that your passion is playing the guitar. What void can you fill in that marketplace? For example, if you can repair guitars and realize that there isn’t a repair shop anywhere else around, thatcould be a business opportunity.You also need to ask yourself how you can make the industry better.
Title: Ways to monetize each passion Content: Think of all the various ways that you can actually make money off your passion. This may include:Selling an actual product.Sharing your knowledge about your passion by blogging, writing booksor filming videos.Offering advice as a consultant in anything from accounting to gardening.Becoming an investor in an idea that you’re willing to financially support.Inventinga gadget or software that makes life easier for people.Building an event around your passion, such as a festival or community organization.
Title: Don’t be a perfectionist Content: While you should have some sort of experience or skills to offer, there’s always room for you to learn and grow.Don’t wait to start your business until after you’ve mastered a craft. You will continue to hone your skills all along your journey.
Title: Get outside of your comfort zone Content: Find techniques that can not only help you get outside of your comfort zone but also work on improving your weaknesses.You don’t have to become a guru. Just familiar enough in that area so that you’re more comfortable and can deliver what people need and want.
Title: Make fun a priority Content: It’s difficult to maintain your passion as you attempt to grow a legitimate business.Always make fun and passion a priority. This means hiring people who are equally passionate as you are about your idea or product, creating policies and branding that reflect your passion, and building a company that feels the same way to others.
Title: Build your skills Content: It takes10,000 hoursto become a master at something.Don't let those hours discourage you from moving ahead with your plan. Never stop practicing on perfecting your skills. Ask for feedback on what you are doing and to track your progress.
Title: Overcome roadblocks Content: Roadblocks are all of the factors that arepreventing you from following your dreams.For example, if you’re not familiar with coding or programming, but require a website, then hire a coder. If you believe that your passion won’t be profitable then look for alternative ways to monetize your passion by being flexible.
Title: Get creative with money Content: If you need money to help scale your business, instead of going to your local bank or searching for investors,crowdfund your idea on Kickstarter, Indiegogo or GoFundMe.Another option would be to use peer-to-peer-lending sites like LendingTree where you can get matched with like-minded people directly in your business area.