Personal Development,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Use of a Personal SWOT Analysis Content: Your Personal ...StrengthsWeaknessesOpportunitiesThreats... Analysis is a great tool to assess yourself in order to plan your career.
Title: 4 Steps to do your SWOT analysis Content: List down the “strengths”.Knowing these will help you to be more confident in an interview or when looking for a job promotion.Know your “weaknesses”. Identifying weaknesses is the best way to improve them.Find matching “opportunities”.Opportunities come in different shapes and forms. Sometimes opportunities past by you without you even noticing them.Be aware of “threats”. Identify competition, new technologies, personal traits or obstacles.
Title: What makes you stand out? "Strengths" Content: What are the professional qualifications/certifications you have?Can your expertise in some area make a difference to the organization?What projects/campaigns have you completed successfully?Do you have powerful industry contacts?What other skills make you stand out from the rest? What do others think as your strengths?
Title: How to know your "Weaknesses" Content: Do you have the necessary skills/qualifications to be successful in your current or future roles?Do you have bad habits?What other traits can you improve to be more efficient?What do others think as your weaknesses?
Title: Find your "Opportunities" Content: Can you take advantage of any significant changes/advancements in your industry?Has new technology or industry trend emerged that you can make use of future?Is a new position advertised in your company that matches your skill set? Is there a new project in your organization that you can join which will benefit your career?Can acquiring new skills give you a competitive advantage?
Title: Some "Threats" to consider Content: Is one of your peers doing a better job than you in a similar role?Is popularity of new technologies or demise of old technologies threatening your career?Are your personal traits hurting your career advancements?What are the obstacles that prevent you from achieving your targets?
Title: When to do a personal SWOT analysis? Content: When going to an interview.When applying for a promotion.Before a career switch.