Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Habits
Title: Goal setting  Content: Is the act of selecting a target or objective you wish to achieve.Goal setting is not only about choosing the rewards you want to enjoy, but also the costs you are willing to pay to achieve your goals.
Title: The Rudders and Oars Metaphor Content: It helps clarify the difference between SYSTEMSand GOALS:Your goals are like the rudder on a small rowboat. They set the direction and determine where you go.If you commit to one goal, then the rudder stays put and you continue moving forward.If you flip-flop between goals, then the rudder moves all around and it is easy to find yourself rowing in circles.If the rudder is your goal, then the oars are your process for achieving it. While the rudder determines your direction, it is the oars that determine your progress.Example: If you’re a writer, your goal is to write a book. Your system is the writing schedule that you follow each week.
Title: How to Set Goals You'll Actually Follow Content: Ruthlessly Eliminate Your Goals. Consistently prune and trimdown your goals. If you can muster the courage to prune away a few of your goals, then you create the space you need for the remaining goals to fully blossom. Stack Your Goals.Make a specific plan for when, where and how you will perform this."Networking: After I return from my lunch break, I will send one email to someone I want to meet."Set an Upper Bound. Don't focus on the minimum threshold. Instead of saying, “I want to make at least 10 sales calls today.” rather say, “I want to make at least 10 sales calls today, but not more than 20.”
Title: Align Your Environment With Your Goals Content: It's very hard to stick to positive habits in a negative environment.Use simplicity.When in doubt, eliminate options.It is more difficult to focus on reading a blog post when you have 10 tabs open in your browser.Use Visual Cues,like the Paper Clip Method or the Seinfeld Strategy, to create an environment that visually nudges your actions in the right direction.Opt-Out vs. Opt-In.For example, schedule your yoga session for next week while you are feeling motivated today. When your workout rolls around, you have to justify opting-out rather than motivating yourself to opt-in.
Title: Measure Your Goals Content: Evidence of your progress towards a goal is one of the most motivating things you can experience.The trick is to realize that counting, measuring, and tracking is not about the result. Measure to discover, to find out, to understand.