Personal Development,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration,Leadership & Management
Title: Choose Your Top Values Content: Select your top six to eight values. Some of these values may change as you face new situations.Examples of values: financial security, compassion, health/fitness, nature, accomplishment, creativity, dependability, loyalty, beauty, bravery, gratitude, love, connection/relationships, learning, leadership, survival, self-preservation, security, adventure, family, work, success, calm, freedom.
Title: Think of the people you admire Content: Values can be personified in people that you love and admire. Identifying the specific values embodied by your heroes can inspire you to adopt those values for yourself. To uncover the values that you associate with your loved ones and role models:Identify and write down six people who are important role models or valued connections for you.Think of the values they embody.
Title: See a Career Counselor Content: Your values are a major determinant of career choice, work decisions, and career transitions, as each may lead you down a different career path.That’s why career counselors have a large toolbox of strategies and inventories, including values inventories to help match their clients to a compatible career area.
Title: Use An Online Values Inventory Content: You can find various anonymous values inventories online made by specialists. Clarifying your values can serve as a blueprint for effective decision-making and optimal functioning.
Title: Observe Yourself And Learn Content: As you live your life, be mindful of the choices you make. For several days, consciously label the values behind your key decisions at work and at home.If the values you chose as most important aren’t reflected in your daily life, you may not be living up to them or you may need to re-evaluate what is most important to you.
Title: The Good And The Bad In Your Life Content: You can learn about your values by thinking back to the sweetest and most painful moments of your life. These moments could direct you to what you care about most.