Health,Personal Development,Food
Title: Change Your Diet Content: Eating lots of protein is essential for staving off fatigue, especially early in the day when your cortisol levels are high.Breakfast: eat eggs, a slice of ham or add protein powder to your oatmeal. Otherwise, you eat only carbohydrates and you'll crash early.Eat every three to four hours. Snacks like fruit and nuts, string cheese, a couple of scoops of cottage cheese or even beef jerky will satiate your hunger and boost energy levels.
Title: Clean Out Your Gut Content: If you're frequently tired or feel bloated, you may want to get your gut in shape:Avoid aspirin.Cut out alcohol for a month.Avoid aspartame. This artificial sweetener is a pro-inflammatory. It acts like "a film inside your colon."Drink about eight glasses of water daily.
Title: Get Better Sleep Content: To get better sleep, improve your bedroom hygiene.Get the television out of the bedroom.Go to bed and get up at the same time every day.Keep the bedroom cool to help you fall asleep.If you have trouble falling asleep, get up and leave the room until you feel tired.Never exercise after 4 pm.
Title: Move More To Boost Metabolism Content: Studies show that the more you move, the more energy you’ll have.Tryburst training, where you work at nearly 100% capacity for 45 seconds, rest for 90 seconds, and then repeat for 20 minutes. It helps burn fat for the next 36 hours and increases metabolism.
Title: Get Your Thyroid Checked Out Content: Hypothyroidism, the most common thyroid disorder, can cause nightmares, anxiety, mood swings, weight gain, impaired concentration and severe fatigue.If you experience any of these issues, get a simple blood test to check your TSH levels.
Title: Prepare For PMS Content: Hormones greatly impact fatigue, and PMS can hijack your energy if you don't prepare for it.Fill up on fruits and veggies, eat more fiber and complex carbs, avoid salt and caffeine, exercise more.Natural remedies like Japanese krill oil, magnesium supplements, chasteberry herb, vitamin B6 and licorice may also provide relief.
Title: See A Specialist Content: If you can't find relief through lifestyle changes and your general practitioner says everything’s normal, consider diagnostic testing to pinpoint exactly where the problem lies.