Communication,Problem Solving,Reading & Writing,Marketing & Sales
Title: Storytelling and reading Content: Reading to your children is an indispensable tool. Storytelling goes hand-in-hand with reading to help children develop language and story comprehension. Research shows that children understand and retain more of a story they were told than having the same story read to them. Gestures and eye contact add drama, suspense, and intrigue.
Title: Remember the basics of storytelling Content: Every story should have a beginning, a middle, and an end. Every story should also include a conflict and a resolution.If you need a bit of help, folk tales can be an excellent source material to save you the mental effort of coming up with an original story. Stories from "Aesop's Fables" such as "The Tortoise and the Hare" enable children to visualize the characters and relate to them, and the morals are things any kid can understand. Also consider telling your own stories, particularly from your childhood, as they have a special resonance with your children.
Title: Take the story in an unexpected direction Content: When telling a story, use pitch, pacing, and pausing to keep your child hanging on your every word.Pauses create suspense and curiosity. You can use strategic pauses to let your child think of what will happen next, and then let the story take an unexpected turn.Voice is so important. In a story, you can vary the rhythm, pitch, intonation, you can speedup your words, or you can slow... down... your... words. You can move your voice up or down.
Title: Storytelling: Use your whole body Content: The advantage of telling over reading is that you don't have to hold and look at a physical book. You can use your face and hands to gesture and make eye contact.Use your hands to show if something is huge or tiny, tap on nearby objects to imitate knocking on a door. The physical movements involve your children in the story.
Title: Encourage audience participation Content: A story can be changed around. If your kid wants to change the character, you can do that. A voyage through the seas can become a journey to Mars. You can change the sequence, the characters, or the phrases. This nurtures ideas we want our children to develop.You can encourage children to be involved in the telling, so they are not just listening. Leave out parts of the sentence and let your child fill in the blank.
Title: Add a soundtrack to your story Content: The idea is to use props or live musical accompaniment and let your child join in on the action.Find an instrument, and as you tell the story, your child scores it. Or you can let your child take the lead - if they speed up, you speed up the action. You can also let everyone take a turn advancing the story.