Communication,Reading & Writing,Marketing & Sales
Title: Three-Act Storytelling Structure Content: One of the oldest and most straightforward storytelling formulas:Setup: Set the scene and introduce the character(s)Confrontation or “Rising action” : Present a problem and build up the tensionResolution: Resolve the problem
Title: Five-Act Storytelling Structure Content: Also known as Freytag’s Pyramid:Exposition: Introduce important background informationRising action: Tell a series of events to build up to the climaxClimax: Turn the story around (usually the most exciting part of the story)Falling action: Continue the action from the climaxDénouement: Ending the story with a resolution.
Title: Before – After – Bridge Storytelling Formula Content: Before: Describe the world with Problem A.After: Imagine what it’d be like having Problem A solved.Bridge: Here’s how to get there.Set the stage of a problem that your target audience is likely to experience ( a problem that your company solves). Describe a world where that problem didn’t exist. Explain how to get there or present the solution (i.e. your product or service).
Title: Problem – Agitate – Solve Storytelling Formula Content: Problem: Present a problemAgitate: Agitate the problemSolve: Solve the problemFirst, you present a problem. Second, instead of presenting the “After”, you intensify the problem with emotional language. Finally, you solve the problem by offering your product or services.
Title: Simon Sinek’s Golden Circle Content: The Golden Circle is a narrative structure from Simon Sinek. His claim is can be used as a guide to vastly improve every aspect of your business or organization—from leadership and hiring, to product development, sales, and marketing.Why: Why the company exists (Why are you in this business? What motivates you)How: How the company fulfills its WhyWhat: What the company does to fulfill its Why (i.e. your products and services).
Title: Dale Carnegie’s Magic Formula for Storytelling Content: Dale Carnegie usues a more dramatic structure for storytellingIncident: Share a relevant, personal experience, to grab your audience’s attention.Action: Describe the specific action taken to solve or prevent a problem, showing that a change was needed.Benefit: State the benefits of the action/change.
Title: Dave Lieber’s V Storytelling Formula Content: Introduce the character;Bring the story to its lowest point;Turn it around and finish with a happy ending.Once you introduce the character of the story, describe how things went awful for him/her, using emotions to draw your audience into your story. At the lowest point of the story, turn things around, describe how things improved, and end the story on a high note.
Title: Star – Chain – Hook Storytelling Formula Content: Star: An attention-getting, positive openingChain: A series of convincing facts, benefits, and reasonsHook: A powerful call-to-action.The star grabs your audience’s attention. The chain turns your audience’s attention into a desire. The hook gives them something actionable to fulfill their desire.
Title: Pixar’s Award-Winning Storytelling Formula Content: Once upon a time there was.... Every day, ... One day, ... Because of that, ... Because of that, ... Until finally, ... The idea is to introduce a character or a group of character, describe their usual routine, present a twist that disrupts their daily lives, explain how they overcome it, and celebrate!
Title: The Hero’s Journey Storytelling Formula Content: Departure: A hero receives a call to go on an adventure, receives advice from a mentor, and heads out on her journey.Initiation: The hero meets a series of challenges but eventually completes the mission.Return: The hero returns and helps others with her new found power or treasure.This formula is used by many of the greatest storytellers including George Lucas for his Star Wars films!
Title: Nancy Duarte’s Secret Structure of Great Talks Content: In a famous TED talk, Nancy Duarte presents the structure of a presentation made famous by Steve Jobs.What is: The status quoWhat could be: The future that could be possibleGo back and forth between the two and end off with a …New bliss: The wonderful future with your idea/product/service adopted.