Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity,Habits
Title: Being Productive And Sane Content: In this new work-from-home reality, where every day is a new day even though it feels the same day, being flexible and following a routine are the two pillars of sustainability while staying sane and productive.
Title: Intuitive Scheduling Content: This is a heart-centred way of scheduling your daily activities, where you plan your day according to what brings your joy and peace of mind. You need to connect with yourself to understand your true needs. The calendar you set for yourself works for you, not against you. Do you feel like resting? Put that on the calendar. Too many meetings? Cancel a few or make space in between for a refreshing break. You don’t have to be hard on yourself.
Title: Benefits Of Intuitive Scheduling Content: What we have to learn is to find our freedom, and give ourselves permission to do what we want to do. It makes us human again, as we stop working like machines, against nature and our body clocks.
Title: The Approach Of Intuitive Scheduling Content: Listen to your body and your feelings and find out which activities drain you physically and mentally, and which of the activities boost your energy and fill you with joy. It can be the morning exercise session that energizes you the entire day or the afternoon nap that makes you feel great during the remainder of the day.Energy-giving activities make your other activities a breeze.
Title: Making Things Flexible Content: Making things fluid, flexible and natural would instill awareness in you and you will find that your daily activities can, many-a-times, be redundant.If you feel like constantly finding some distraction whenever you have some free time, you could replace that activity with a healthy brisk walk, or a music jam.
Title: Unable To Handle The Day Content: If you are unable to physically, mentally or emotionally handle your day’s hectic schedule, be bold and cancel the entire afternoon and postpone any meetings you may have.It’s ok to be flexible and pause your life for a few hours. Nothing bad will happen.