Personal Development,Problem Solving,Learning & Education,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Learning constantly Content: To get better results in life you need to learn constantly. And the best way to learn is to read effectively and a lot.
Title: Upgrading your brain Content: A new idea, outlook on life, mental model, is all it takes for something to click inside your brain.Your brain will start making connections between books that seemed to be on different topics. The more you read, the more links you form and the richer your understanding becomes.
Title: Empathy and communication Content: Empathy: Books give you the context  (in the form of stories and experiences ) you can use effectively to become more empathetic.Communication skills: Reading will improve your vocabulary and writing. The more you read, the better you communicate. And better communication means better relationships.
Title: Windows into other worlds Content: Books give you the ability to learn to look through other’s eyes. It’s like having a conversation with the brightest minds from any given field.
Title:  Memory and concentration Content: To read, you need to be focused for long periods of time. Your mind is forced to focus again and again from page to page on new information.
Title: Fighting stress Content: Books are an escape to your mind, transporting you into another reality. They help you take a break from the real world.Reading before bed can help you sleep better. It calms your mind and cues your body up for shut-eye, improving the quality of your sleep.
Title: Develop a reading habit Content: Start with 25 pages per day.Readat the same time every day.Start reading in between 2 already established habits.Make reading your default in already established routines: i.e. readwhile commuting to work.Adopt reading as a default for boredom: always carry a book with you.Find the best reading medium for you: physical, digital, or audio.
Title: Choosing what to read Content: If a book has been around for a long time and people still talk about it, it’s probably good.Read the first chapter without the obligation to continue. If you’re not having fun, it’s time to move on. Choose your books based on what you need to learn right now, so you can use the information you consume.