Health,Food
Title: Drink 8 Glasses of Water a Day Content: Everyone has a different requirement for water. Temperature, humidity, size, age, gender and activity have an influence on your fluid needs.Instead, drink when you are thirsty.
Title: Eggs Harm Your Heart Content: Eggs have a lot of cholesterol compared to other foods. Although cholesterol in the blood is strongly related to heart disease,eating cholesterol is weakly associated with raising the cholesterol levels in your blood.Eggs have other heart-protecting properties and eating it probably won't harm your heart.
Title: Cancer or Alzheimer’s From Antiperspirant Content: A chain email in the 1990s was responsible for the false belief that antiperspirant was raising the risk of breast cancer.When researchers found higher ratios of aluminum in the brains of Alzheimer's patients, aluminum in antiperspirant was suspect. But it seems aluminum in antiperspirant is hardly absorbed by your skin.
Title: Cold Air Causes Colds Content: Colds do not come from going outside with wet clothes or hair. Colds come from viruses and may spread at any time.Colds and flu spread easier in winter because people are spending their time together in close proximity.
Title: Everyone Needs Multivitamins Content: The healthiest way to get vitamins to your body is through fruits and vegetables.The general population get all the vitamins they need from their diets. Taking added supplements won't necessarily be beneficial. It may even be harmful.
Title: Eating Breakfast Helps You Lose Weight Content: It does not matter when you eat. Your body treats a calorie like a calorie, regardless of when it was ingested.
Title: Green Mucus Needs Antibiotics Content: Antibiotics are prescribed only for bacterial infections. It is futile against viruses.The color of your mucus does not indicate a bacterial infection. Viruses can produce a green mucus, too.
Title: Sugar Makes Kids Hyper Content: Sugar does not seem to have any hyperactive effect on children.This myth was popularized with the Feingold Diet in the 1970s, where parents were advised to remove sugar to help calm their children.
Title: Diseases From a Toilet Seat Content: Disease-causing microbes are everywhere, not just in public toilets. However, toilets are cleaned more often. Compared to other objects like keyboards, cellphones or money, the toilet is not a major source of disease-carrying microbes.
Title: Cracking Knuckles Cause Arthritis Content: Cracking knuckles can cause swollen hands and loss of some grip strength. The popping noise comes from bubbles bursting in your joint fluid. It, however, does not cause arthiritis.
Title: Natural Foods Are Best Content: Eating fruit, vegetables and whole grains are healthier than eating processed foods.However, food with organic or natural ingredients can be full of saturated fat, sugar or other empty calories that can make it a less healthy choice.
Title: Vaccines Are Harmful Content: Vaccines can cause side effects that may have potential problems for some children.The upside is that it may provide protection from diseases like polio, measles or whooping cough.
Title: Microwaves and Smartphones Cause Cancer Content: Radiation can be either high-energy or low-energy. High-energy radiation like x-rays and gamma rays can damage your DNA.Low-energy radiation from smartphones or microwaves is not strong enough to damage DNA.
Title: Bacteria Are Always Harmful Content: Most bacteria we come into contact with are either neutral or beneficial to us.However, there are harmful bacteria that can cause diseases like tuberculosis or cholera.
Title: Homoeopathy Treats or Cures Disease Content: Homoeopathy is the practice of mixing a tiny amount of a drug or herb into water in an attempt to reverse the drug or herb's effects.Studies have revealed that there is no strong evidence in favor of homoeopathy.
Title: Blood Type Diets Content: A diet book was released in 1996 claiming that diets depended on a person's GBO genotype, but a large study involving 1455 people debunked the theory.
Title: You Can Detoxify Your Body Content: The word "detox" is used as an advertising buzzword.Fifteen products that claim to detoxify, were reviewed by scientists. When the investigators inquired what toxins were targeted and how these toxins were removed, the companies were unable to provide answers.
Title: Special Products Boost Your Immune system Content: Your immune system is a complex series of processes involving antibodies, certain proteins, parts of your blood, and more.When a product claims to boost your immune system but does not specify which part of the immune system, you should question it.(For example, activating your inflammatory response is a way to boost your immune system, but would also put you at risk of a stroke or other health problems.)
Title: You Only Use 10% of Your Brain Content: Your brain is active regardless of what activity you do. Some parts of the brain are used fro certain activities more than others, but there aren't areas that aren't used.
Title: Cramping while swimming Content: Swimming right after eating does not give you cramps.If you do cramp while you swim, tighten and relax the muscle until the cramp works its way out.