Personal Development,Psychology,Money & Investments,Religion & Spirituality,Science & Nature
Title: Astrology and cultural acceptance Content: Astrology is currently enjoying a broad cultural acceptance through the Internet. It is a content business as well as a traditional spiritual practice.Many people are explaining themselves by way of sun, moon and rising signs. In the corporate world, astrologers are partnering with brands to help expand the business. For instance,Amazon sent out “shopping horoscopes” to its Prime Insider subscribers.
Title: Popularity of astrology Content: The rise of astrology is explained as a result of the decline of organized religion and the insecurity of the economy and politics.People want some stability in a world of chaos where they wonder what is going on in their lives.
Title: Astrology Content: At the center of astrology is the pattern of a person’s life that corresponds to the planetary pattern at the moment of his birth.Astrology has helped people decide when to plant crops or go to war. It is used to predict a person's life and interpret his character. For some, astrology can explain everything, from earthquakes to the rise of social media.
Title: An astrological chart Content: In a chart reading, an astrologer doesn’t predict the future; she describes the client to herself.Expressing characteristics in the language of astrology is easier for many people to hear, or admit unpleasant things about their personalities. It is also easier to accept those qualities in others.Whereas previously, drawing an astrological chart required some knowledge of astronomy and geometry, today it can be generated instantly on the Internet and opened with mobile apps.
Title: Astrology makes it easier to accept Content: Just as people may find it easier to accept things about themselves when they decide they were born that way, astrology makes it possible to see world events from a less reactive position.From the view of astrology, people make news because the movements of the planets through the sky activate their charts.When the Titanic happened, there was a big Neptune transit.
Title: Astrology can change a situation Content: Astrological readings can help people get to the core of their purpose and then use that to be of service to the world.Some believe astrology appeals because it gives context to people and world events. It helps to make sense of their lives and to endure the state they're in.