Personal Development,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration,Leadership & Management
Title:  Content: “So I studied my history, I studied my past, and I put every mistake, all of my triumphs–my 22-year career–into my 2-hour Homecoming performance.”Beyoncé
Title:  Content: “When a scientist runs an experiment, there are all sorts of results that could happen. Some results are positive and some are negative, but all of them are data points. Each result is a piece of data that can ultimately lead to an answer. And that’s exactly how a scientist treats failure: as another data point.”James Clear
Title:  Content: “What people don’t see is the sacrifice.”Beyoncé
Title:  Content: “I’m just trying to figure out how to balance being a mother of a six-year-old and twins that need me, and giving myself creatively and physically – it was a lot to juggle.”Beyoncé
Title:  Content: “I respect things that take work. I respect things that are built from the ground up. I’m super specific about every detail […] every tiny detail had intention.”Beyoncé
Title:  Content: “And it doesn’t matter how many months we’ve done it, how many times we’ve done it, there are notes every time because there’s always something that we can improve upon.”Beyoncé
Title:  Content: “Tell the truth, to yourself first, and to the children. Live in the present. Don’t deny the past… And know that the charge on you is to make this country more than it is today.”Maya Angelou
Title: 8 Lessons From Beyoncé Content: Study your journey and use everything you’ve got. Take a scientific approach to your successes and failures and use them to inform your decisions. Recognize the sacrifice it takes to achieve things, not just the results. Beyoncé is an accomplished artist, but little is talked about the effort it took for her to be so.  Experiment and learn as you go. Work-life balance is not easily attained, prioritization is a welcomed and necessary approach. Know your limits and make sure whenever you push them you do so wisely.Respect the work necessary to achieve things. Hold the vision and build a team to execute the details with intention and accountability.Seek continuous improvement as Beyoncé does through her rigorous and focused work ethic. We can live our lives to the fullest by continuously learning, growing and thriving.Define your core values and then, live and lead by them. For Beyoncé, family is a core value and priority. She aims to cultivate and express it in her life, business, and on the stage. Consider your own values and how they inform how you show up for yourself and others.Be grateful, be humble, and spark vision in others. Nothing moves us forward faster than gratitude. Humility enables us to reach others in an authentic way. Gratitude and humility empower us to spark a vision in others. Take your crazy ideas, express them in a tangible way and you will embolden others to do the same.