Time Management,Communication,Productivity,Teamwork,Reading & Writing
Title: Ignore your inbox when you wake up Content: Responding to emails as soon as you receive a notificationgives others the impression that you’re at their beck and call. It also prevents you from reflecting on your own priorities for the day.
Title: Empty your inbox daily Content: Do. If the email is actionable and takes under two minutes, then do the task ASAP.Delegate. Forward the right tasks to the right people.Defer.Reply to the message at a better time.Delete emails that are not important or that you can delegate.File.Add messages that contain information you will need to your archives.
Title: Stop CC’ing everyone Content: To avoid filling the email box of staff members, only CC the relevant parties. Ask your team to respond to you individually instead of using the reply-to-all button.
Title: Check your email in batches Content: Batchers, who set aside specific chunks of time to work through their email, are significantly more effective when it comes to getting things done. Research shows that they’re less stressed as well.
Title: Leverage your staff  Content: Have someone screen your messages. They can separate the important messages from the less important. You can hire a virtual assistant to handle this job.Another option would be to use tools to sort and declutter your inbox so that only important emails come through.
Title: A new operating model for emails Content: Create a new operating model for your organization’s emails. This should include:Knowing when to email vs. communicating in other ways.Embracing other platforms for collaborating and communicating.Use internal messaging services to connect with your team quickly.Ban “reply all.”Share email productivity tips that you havefound successful.
Title: Fine-tune your email etiquette Content: Have a clear and specific subject line to let therecipient know what the email is about without opening it.Always be a professional. Never write with emotion or overuse exclamation marks.Proofread. Ensurethat the message is brief and makes sense to avoid any misunderstandings.Include a call-to-action.With a clear direction, they won't have to respond with a series of follow-up questions.Add a signature with your contact information.
Title: Delay your responses Content: Only respond to yesterday’s emails -- unless they’re urgent.