Personal Development,Career
Title: Losing your job: consider the bigger picture Content: Losing a job and being unemployed impact your mood, affect how you look for work and your chances of success. It is important to understand the emotional and psychological factors that could be hindering your efforts.But this moment gives you an opportunity to consider the bigger picture. Do you see yourself having a long-term career in your current industry? To improve your prospects, you could learn a new skill that will likely be in demand going forward. You may have to go back to college or get training.
Title: Keeping a sense of control Content: When we battle with unsolvable problems, we start to question our abilities. This creates feelings of helplessness that undermine our ability to succeed.While it is natural to feel demoralized and pessimistic, you have to address your negative feelings so they don't interfere in your efforts to find work. To overcome your negative emotions, you have to regain a sense of control.
Title: List your skill sets Content: When you've lost your job and want to find a new one, start with the skills that you know you have. For instance, a restaurant host will have people skills, communication skills, the ability to multi-task, and problem solve.Recording all your skill sets will remind you what you have to offer an employer. It will help you identify potential roles to which you might be suited.
Title: Match your skills with possible jobs Content: Look at your skillset, and make a list of jobs that have similar skill sets.If you need help generating ideas, search for specific terms on job listing sites. (e.g., communication skills)Write down what kinds of roles/positions have those requirements.
Title: Search through job listings every morning Content: Use multiple lists and websites and apply to as many jobs as you can for which you're qualified. Treat each one as if it were the only job.Now you have a clear plan. It should create a greater sense of control and reduce feelings of helplessness.