Health,Personal Development,Marketing & Sales,Society, Arts & Culture
Title: The Foodie Content: Whether it’s the ‘food porn’ pics on Instagram or the way food is packaged or marketed, the foodie frenzy shows no sign of stopping.The ‘Foodie’ culture, which originated from the Boomers generation, has found new glory among millennials, armed with high-powered smartphone cameras, itching to capture what’s on the plate before it disappears.
Title: Origin of "The Foodie" Content: The term ‘foodie’ was coined in 1980 in a New York Magazine article. New Age Boomers understood and made it acceptable to pay attention to what is eaten, and how it is eaten.The ‘90s and the ‘00s, saw this term becoming increasingly common, and is applied to anyone with an interest in eating or showcasing food.
Title: Food is Big Business Content: Farmer markets have increased exponentially over the last two decades, while food trucks, those ‘exotic/organic/delicious meals on wheels’, had combined revenue of USD 1.2 billion in 2012.Cooking shows are huge and wide-ranging, while social media accounts of certain food photographers, or foodtographers, have followers in the count of millions. Dedicated food imagery websites are doing well, making food photography rival even the selfie craze.
Title: Grazing Content: Full course meals are giving way to ‘grazing’ as the new dining trend. Small portions or platters with a colourful variety are increasingly preferred with major restaurant chains like TGI Fridays and Olive Garden making sure everyone is included in tasting different kinds of food.
Title: Gen X And Millennials Content: ... have brought the ‘Foodie’ culture to where it is today, changing the definition of what fine food is. Simple everyday stuff like cheese and crackers were rethought and creatively made into ‘click-worthy’ food.Millennials, over half of which are certified foodies, took it even further, and ad campaigns made full use of the foodie fad with slogans like ‘Follow Your Craving’ and ‘Obey Your Thirst’.
Title: Generation Yum Content: Foodie culture is synonymous with a youngsters core ‘individualistic’ traits. It gives them a drive and an opportunity to document their lives. Generation Yum is not extensively hooked to edgy music or exotic drugs but is inclined towards minimalism, veganism, organic farming, and other sustainability programs.