
Title: What is NoFap Flatline?? Content: 💥Flatline is the stage of NoFap when you will experience Zero libido (Sexual Desire) and will start to see all the negative sides of NoFap. This simply means No Sexual Desire OR Urges for a specific amount of time that’s because your brain is going through A Rewiring Process.During this stage, you don’t have any interest in girls, porn, and masturbation simply because you have no Libido. You start to lose interest in everything and you feel disengaged all the time.An experienced masturbator may get scared by this situation thinking that their Libido is permanently gone. But you need to understand that your Libido is not gone permanently and will come back after a certain amount of time.It’s just one of the NoFap Stages that every Fapstronaut has to go through.So, this is the most comprehensive guide on the NoFap flatline you will ever find on the internet.
Title: 💥When I will Have NoFap Flatline? Content: No-Fap 🚫 Flatline Topic Continue...NoFap timeline is different for everyone. It depends upon how much you were addicted to Porn and Masturbation.Most often, people start to experience flatline, after 2-3 weeks of abstaining from Porn and Masturbation. But experiencing a flatline even after 4 days is normal.I got it in the third week of NoFap. But again it’s different for everyone, someone may have it even after 90 days or 250 days of abstaining from PMO. The more you fapped, the earlier you will have Flatline.
Title: How long does the NoFap flatline last? Content: Like I said NoFap flatline period is not the same for everyone. It again depends upon your age and how much you were addicted to Porn and Masturbation ?Since you are an adult, Neuroplasticity takes a long time to improve. The more you fapped in your life, the longer the Flatline will last.
Title: 💥Should you watch Porn during NoFap Flatline? Content: Watching porn is probably the worst thing you can do during your flatline period. Not only it provokes you to relapse but it also delays the reboot process.Most guys watch porn during the flatline period mainly because they think their libido is permanently gone and will never come back. So they try to test themselves by getting hard.But in reality, your libido is not gone permanently and it will definitely come back after a certain amount of time. This happens because your brain is healing from all those heavy sexual stimulations and need some break.So you should not watch porn at any given condition and if you do so, then it will slow down the healing process.