Career,Personal Development,Communication
Title: Answers To Common Interview Questions Content: Can you tell me a little bit about yourself? Don’t tell your life story; answer clearly and concisely. Focus on professional accomplishments.Why should we hire you over the other applicants? Say, “I don’t know the skill of others, but I do my own,” then highlight your strengths and talents. Show them how you will bring value and contribute.What’s your greatest weakness? Turn it into a positive while avoiding the “perfectionist” cliché. Instead, say, “I have weaknesses, but I focus on improving in all I do. I work through my weaknesses and leverage it by concentrating on my strengths.”What would you like me to know about you that’s not on your resume? Say, “I have the right mix of interpersonal and work-related skills to be successful. Also, my personality and skills are a good fit for this position. I’m friendly, I enjoy collaborating and working with others.” Then, add a story of how your skills and attitude made a difference.How honest are you? Straightforwardly state your high ethical standards, and offer your references as backup.How would you describe yourself in three words? State the qualities that set you apart and give a concise explanation. Focus on unique qualifications and communication skills.If you could be a superhero, what super powers would you want? Give a brief answer, tied to your professional strengths.Why do you want to work here? Say something that aligns you with what the organization does. Keep it close to the company’s stated mission if possible.Why did you leave your current employer? Don’t criticize your previous employer. Say “I’ve outgrown my opportunities there and am looking for a new opportunity to be part of a great team.”Can you tell me about a time you’ve clashed with your last manager? Tell them that clashes are unavoidable but there is a way to work through things. If you tell a story, make it mild and with a happy ending. Stay positive and focus on communication and moving forward through conflict.What would your last boss say about you? Stay brief and positive: “I’d hope they would say I work hard and learn fast. I’ve learned much from their mentorship.”Where do you see yourself in five years? Talk about commitment to career, improving your value to the organization and your passion for excellence. Don’t talk about your goals or dreams.
Title: The Smartest Way To Answer Interview Questions Content: The interviewer is likely looking for someone who can solve problems, has good interpersonal skills and the ability to get things done using good judgment and effectiveness.Not every question lets you show skills easily, so reframing a question to get to the answer you want to communicate might be the best way to do so.