Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Communication,Mental Health
Title: Be Authentic Content: People instinctually appreciate people whose public persona matches their private values.When someone professes to be one way but lives contrary to that profession, it signals that they are confused or untrustworthy and thereby, inauthentic.
Title: Listen Content: Listening meets a person’s primary need for validation and acceptance.To positively influence others, you must listen to what is spoken and what is left unsaid, because by doing this you'll learn more about a person’s character, desires, and needs.
Title: Become an Expert Content: Become an authority in the area in which you seek to lead others.Most people are predisposed to listen to, if not respect, authority.
Title: Learn to Tell Stories Content: Personal narratives, testimonials and impact stories are incredibly powerful.Your stories should be related to the issue or concept you are discussing. They should be an analogy or metaphor that explains your topic in ordinary terms and in vivid detail.
Title: Lead by Example Content: To influence people in a positive way, we must lead by example, lead with intention and execute with excellence.It is incredibly inspiring to watch passionate, talented people at work or play.
Title: Look for Successes Content: Catch people doing good.Once you do that, name and notice their contributions.Look for often overlooked, but critically important things that your peers, subordinates and managers do that make the work more effective and more enjoyable.
Title: Celebrate Accomplishments Content: Celebratethe unique attributes and skills of your colleagues.Learn toquickly and accurately assess what people are doing well and then let them and their colleagues know.
Title: Kind Rather Than Right Content: For people who lack confidence, or people who prioritize the opinions of others, being right is important.But in the quest to be “right,” we can hurt other people.The antidote to thatis to prioritize kindness above rightness. And you canbe kind and still stand firm in your position. 
Title: Understand the Needs of Others Content: The best way to influence others is to appeal to their logical, emotional and cooperative needs:Their logical need is their rational and educational need.Their emotional need is the information that touches them in a deeply personal manner.The cooperative need is understanding the level of cooperation various individuals need and then appropriately offering it.
Title: Understand Your Sphere Of Influence Content: Operate from your place of expertise. Leave everything else to others.You cannot positively influence others if you are more preoccupied with what others do well versus what you do well.