Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Psychology
Title: Believing That Being Wrong Is a Failure Content: The best way to know what works and what doesn’t, is to fail a few times.Smart people don’t fear being wrong because they know that being wrong is ultimately an instrument that pushes them closer to being right.
Title: Thinking That Everything Is About You Content: Many of us obsess over “rejections” and ruminate on what we could have done differently. It’s more productive to realize that every disappointment or poor interaction is not actually about us.Successful people realize that every little thing – bad or good – is not a reflection of them or their self-worth.
Title: Being E-Ready Every Minute of the Day Content: Smart people know that having a fulfilling life means having a life outside of work. And they make time for it. Obsessively checking work email at the dinner table is a good recipe for disaster.Set some time where your phone is off, and your attention is on the people right in front of you.
Title: Believing Therapy Is A Waste of Time Content: The fallout of not getting to the bottom of your stuff can affect not only your personal life but your professional life as well.Not only do successful people not fear therapy, but they also embrace it.
Title: Thinking It's OK to Skip the Gym  Content: Smart, well-rounded people do physical activities during their downtime – swimming, skiing, rock-climbing, tangoing – and they build them into their schedules.That makes exercise something to look forward to, not to dread.
Title: De-Stressing  Content: If you don’t take time to de-stress your brain, something’s going to snap, mentally or physically. Successful people internalize that reality and build time for de-stressing into their lives.Mediate, run, walk, do yoga, swim, write, knit, dance, take a long drive. Whatever it is that allows your brain to relax and reboot, make sure you do it at least once a day.
Title: Believing You're Smarter Content: Smart people never assume they are the smartest people in the room. That sort of assumption is really just contempt in disguise, and it leads to undervaluing and underestimating the others.Smart people assume that they can learn something from anyone, and they provide others with opportunities to ‘tell their stories.’