Personal Development,Problem Solving,Habits,Health
Title: Protein rich meals Content: The brain is a decision making muscle and needs to be sufficiently fed to provide the necessary willpower.Eat meals at regular intervals. The meals should contain healthy proteins, vegetables and complex carbohydrates, to avoid the glucose rush.
Title: Slow and steady Content: Willpower can be increased, but it is a slow and gradual process (just like increasing muscle mass).Real change requires one small start at a time.
Title: Dark chocolate Content: Sometimes we are in a position where we need to make a quick decision, and it feels tough. Take a bite of dark chocolate to help boost your willpower.
Title: Adequate rest Content: Rest reduces the body’s need for glucose, and it allows our bodies to make better use of what we have.Self-control requires brainpower, and when we are tired, our bodies don’t deliver enough glucose to our brains.An adult should sleep for 7-8 hours a night.
Title: Avoid temptation Content: Steer clear from “danger spots” where temptation is present and willpower is necessary.
Title: Develop good habits Content: Good habits strengthen our willpower because they build self-discipline and self-control, and they spread to other areas of our life.  Start with something as simple as making your bed. This can have a positive effect on your willpower.
Title: “To-do” lists Content: Making endless lists that cannot be completed leaves us worrying more than doing.Make sure your "to-do" list is manageable.
Title: Take frequent breaks Content: We can “run out” of willpower and end up making poor decisions if we don’t allow ourselves to take breaks.  Rest from time to time. You will feel refreshed, have more willpower and produce better work.
Title: Meditate Content: When we become “mindful,” we are also engaging that part of our brain that we need for willpower.Take 5 minutes and detach from the chaos around you.
Title: Limit Alcohol Intake Content: Alcohol impairs judgment, reduces self-awareness, and impedes willpower.Be mindful of how much you’ve had to drink when making decisions.
Title: Plan in advance Content: Having a pre-determined plan can significantly increase your willpower when presented with temptation.Do you have a plan to deal with your temptations? Write out an action plan even if it is very simple.
Title: Remember the purpose Content: When you consistently remind yourself why you are doing this, your willpower increases to stick to your plans.Figure out what you are trying to accomplish. What will you lose if you give in to your bad habits?
Title: Do the opposite Content: Every time you change your routines, you are exercising self-control. Start with small changes. When you succeed in making small changes, you develop the ability to take on much larger ones.
Title: Choose a reward in advance Content: Our brain is hardwired to pursue positive rewards.  Determine a reward in advance for making a change.
Title: Anticipate roadblocks Content: When you anticipate roadblocks in advance, you will have a stronger willpower to deal with them.Consider what roadblocks may arise in your path.