Personal Development,Reading & Writing,Entrepreneurship,Career
Title: Becoming a freelance writer Content: There might come a time where you want to quit your traditional desk job and move into freelance writing. If you're going to become a freelance writer, you need to write every day, without getting paid for it.Accept that freelancing is like starting any new job. On day one, you won't do much except for showing up and setting up your work station. Then you'll go through two or three months of training before you have your first basic assignment.
Title: Becoming a freelancer: Invest in yourself Content: The 2 - 3 months of training is really 4 - 5 months of training.In this phase, you will write daily, on any platform, to learn how to write and grow your audience. Now is a good time to invest in yourself to help you get better.
Title: Starting freelance writing: Key books to read Content: If you want to write, you need to read daily.Suggested books:The Elements of Style by Strunk and White. This book will help you understand proper sentence structure and grammar.Bird by Bird by Anne Lamott will help you keep yourself motivated and creative.The Dip by Seth Godin will help you understand if you're getting into the right profession and when to quit if you're not in the right place.
Title: Courses and writing groups Content: Regardless of where you work, you'll do many training courses. Freelance writing is no different, except that you have to take the initiative and find them yourself.  Writing groups and networks are essential to become a better writer and understand freelance writing.
Title: Starting freelance writing: Learn how to pitch ideas Content: Learn how to form a good pitch. You are in charge of finding your work, meaning stepping out of your comfort zone, and sending lots of cold emails.If you want to write for a publication, you'll want to pitch ideas that the editor will like. If you're going to write website copy, you'll have to pitch your services and write how the company will benefit by hiring you.
Title: Freelance writing tips Content: Job boards are a good start, but that is generally not the best place to build a career.Starting freelance writing is a slow process. You may start with a gig that pays little. The next company may not like your style, but at least you now have experience. With persistence and consistent effort, you’ll be able to make the jump to full time.