Personal Development,Time Management,Habits
Title: Why Set Personal Goals Content: You are in charge.Personal goals force you to take responsibility for the actual efforts and progress.You see the small steps leading to a big picture: big goals can be scary. That’s why you need to break them into clear and manageable steps.It allows you to celebrate small wins. Setting a formal goal and taking the necessary steps towards it is an achievement in itself.
Title: “Which? Why? What? How?” Technique Content: ... for choosing personal goals. Ask yourself these questions:Ask yourself which aspect of your life you would like to change most.Think about why you want to change this.How will that change make you feel? Determine what exactly will make you feel this way.Ask yourself how you can make this happen and then make it your personal goal.
Title: The Life Balance Chart Technique Content: Draw a chart. Write down each of the various areas of your life (family, health, self-development, career, relationships) in a new column or line.Assess your current happiness level in each of these categories by giving it a score from 1 to 10.Think what will make you be fully satisfied with these areas.Write down your ideas – you will be able to transform them into personal plans.
Title: The “Imagination Exercise” Technique Content: For example, use the "memory loss" scenario:Imagine you don’t know the reasons for your previous decisions and you don’t have to follow any earlier plan. Think about what you will do now. How you will live further.
Title: Write Your Personal Goals Content: ... using the SMART criteria:Specific: make your goals clear and well-defined.Measurable: avoid any abstract notions – you should be able to tick “done” any goal you set as well as any step it involvesAchievable: Make sure you have enough time and resources (money, free time, energy) to achieve itRelevant: your personal goals should be relevant to your life goals and feel rewardingTimed: set a deadline for achieving each goal and subgoal.
Title: Prioritize Your Personal Development Goals Content: To decide, which goal you want to work on first, rate them from 1 to 10 depending on how important they are for you. Goals with the highest rating should be your priority for now.Another way to prioritize personal goals is to connect the desired outcomes as causes and effects. You will be able to see that some goals will ease the other ones.
Title: Make Your Personal Development Plan Content: Break down your goals into tasks and create a working plan.Each task should be specific and have a deadline. Write them down to track your performance increase commitment to your goal.When writing, use positive and present tense language. It has a great impact on your own expectations of yourself.
Title: Reflect and Celebrate Success Content: Reflect on your performance at the end of each day/week. Ask yourself, “Why haven’t I managed to complete the task I have set for today?” and then revise your plan for the following day/week accordingly.To make the celebration of success part of your routine, decide on a reward you will give yourself.