Health,Exercise & Fitnesss,Food,Personal Development
Title: Revisit what you know  Content: Energy balance is the first key to achieving one's ideal body. It's away of saying calories in versus calories out. Your body needs a certain amount of calories to maintain its current body weight.Once you understand energy balance, you might feel less tempted to eat more than you really need.
Title: Steer clear of opaque food containers Content: Don't eat out of food containers, boxes, and bags that aren't clear.Our brains are highly visual. We take visual cues as to how much food we’ve eaten to help us know when we should stop. When you can't see how much food you’ve had, you never get that visual feedback and you end up eating way too much.
Title: Ditch dieting Content: Dieting limits one's mind-set.Once you're off your diet and have lost weight, you might revert back to eating poorly, not exercising and ultimately regain pounds. Instead, focus on your long-term eating habits.
Title: Trick your stomach Content: Choose vegetables such as carrots and celery over sugary treats when you're having a snack craving.Not only do they have fewer calories; they are also fibrous and can make you feel full faster.
Title: Exercising can be fun Content: Finding an exercise that's fun matters most, because you'll be more likely to incorporate it into your weekly routine.Working out with friends or in a group can be motivational, making exercise less of a chore and more of an enjoyable pastime after work or between errands.
Title: Understand what causes obesity Content: More cases of obesity are reportedly caused by lifestyle decisions rather than genetic factors.Promoting the notion of genes as a cause for obesity may increase genetically deterministic beliefs and decrease motivation to engage in healthy lifestyle behaviors.People who believe that obesity is caused by unhealthy habits are likely to become proactive and re-think their actions.
Title: Ask challenging questions Content: Consider tapping into your competitive side by turning weight loss into a challenge.Can you lose this weight? Are you up to the challenge?
Title: Be kind to yourself Content: See yourself in a positive light.Envision your future self, six months to a year and consider how great you'll look and feel.
Title: Get more sleep Content: When we are sleep-deprived, high-fat and sugary foods seem much more attractive, probably because they give us a quick burst of energy.To avoid temptation, adults should strive for at least seven hours of sleep every night.