Health,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Science & Nature
Title: The different kinds of memories Content: We hold on to different kinds of memories.Short-term memories last seconds to hours and long-term memories last for years.We also have a working memory, which allows us to keep something in mind for a limited time by repeating it.Declarative memories are memories you experience consciously, like facts or "common knowledge."Nondeclaritive memory unconsciously builds up. These include procedural memories, such as riding a bicycle or playing the piano.
Title: Where your brain keeps memories Content: By studying people with amnesia, it seems that short-term and long-term memories don't form in precisely the same way, nor do declarative and procedural memories. Emotional responses such as fear occur in a brain region called the amygdala.Memories of learned skills are associated with the region called the striatum.The hippocampus is essential for forming, retaining, and recalling declarative memories.The temporal lobes play a critical role in forming and recalling memories.
Title: How we experience memories Content: Memories are held within groups of neurons called cell assemblies. They fire as a group in response to a specific stimulus, such as recognising your friend's face. The more neurons fire together, the more the interconnection of the cells strengthen. We experience the nerves' collective activity as a memory.
Title: Memory consolidation Content: For a short-term memory to become a long-term memory, it must be strengthened for long-term storage. The process is called memory consolidation and occurs using several processes.Long-term potentiation consists of individual nerves changing themselves to grow and talk to their neighboring nerves differently. The remodeling modifies the nerve's connections, which makes the memory stable.
Title: Recalling a memory Content: When we recall a memory, many parts of the brain share information, including regions that do high-level information processing, regions that deal with our senses' new inputs, and the region that help coordinate the process, the medial temporal lobe.