Personal Development,Problem Solving,Strategy,Entertainment
Title: Chess Is More Than a Game Content: Chess first originated in its early form more than 1,500 years ago in India or China, but the modern variant has been around since the 15th century.Chess played by the average hobbyist is very different from the professional. While the pieces move the same on the surface, the strategy used makes it an entirely different game. Garry Kasparov, an international grandmaster - published a book in 2007 that shows us the application of deeper chess principles beyond the board.
Title: Ask the Right Questions to Narrow Focus Content: When novice players play chess, they focus on what to do with the pieces. They may try and visualise a few steps ahead, but mostly just react to the board without considering the reasons behind the pieces.Professional chess players focus on how their opponents think. They seek to ask the right questions to understand their opponent's process.Whether in chess or life, don't be fooled by what's on the surface. The best approach is to have a framework in place to trim the fat and focus on what matters. Ask enough pointed questions to lead you to clear answers.
Title: Balance Calculation with Imagination Content: In chess, students learn famous patterns and tactics. If an opponent does one thing, you are expected to react with another. While it is good to recognize appropriate cues and employ the tactics you have learned, sometimes it is good to look towards where you want to end up and fill the gaps in a new way rather than using the past to move in a predictable direction.
Title: Bring Your Personal Touch to Known Strategies Content: A strategy should never be followed as a copy of what's worked in the past. It should have a personal component of awareness designed into it.It's common for us when we're inexperienced in a field to search through past narratives. Instead of using the wisdom to better think about our own situation, we try to use the information rigidly to guide what we do as if it's the only way.