Personal Development,Career,Teamwork,Corporate Culture
Title: Stay positive Content: While you may be thrilled to take this next step in your career, transitioning into a new position is likely to come with a few obstacles.It's important to keep your chin up and endure the change with a positive attitude. Showcasing your enthusiasm will likely draw in your co-workers and make initial interactions a bit smoother.
Title: Find your routine Content: Returning to work might initially be a challenge in terms of finding your footing with your new tasks.Actively attempting to build and manage a routine will allow you to increase your efficiency and effectiveness, as well as create a sense of normality. 
Title: Immerse yourself in company culture Content: Fitting in at a new job often means observing the overall culture of the company and adapting.Openly embrace the culture of your new company by making the office norms your new habits.
Title: Take notes Content: Take both physical and mental notes on what goes on around you.While you're immersing yourself in the culture of the company, also familiarize yourself with some of the other norms. How does your boss react to certain things? What are the problems you can provide solutions to? Take a "fly on the wall" mentality while you're settling in to see how the company functions.
Title: Set goals Content: Ask yourself what you must accomplish in your first three months, what you want to accomplish in the future, and how you plan to continually improve your efficiency. These are just a few questions to set you off in the right direction.
Title: Build relationships Content: Step out of your comfort zone and attempt to interact with everyone you work with.Introduce yourself and always accept happy hour invitations. These are the individuals who are likely to be your networking connections for years to come.
Title: Increase your participation Content: While you might still be nailing down your own duties, it's also important to extend a hand when possible.If you know a co-worker could use your help tying up a few loose ends on a project, offer your services. This will provide you with a chance to work with someone new, as well as showcase your willingness and ability to work on a team.
Title: Seek out mentorship Content: After observing daily operations for a while, reach out to someone you admire within the company. Shoot them an email or stop by their office and share your interest in learning about — and from — their experiences.