Books
Title: How language changes our lives Content: The way we talk to ourselves and others instantly shapes how we perceive life, and that same perception directly impacts our behaivor.If you are that kind of person who complains all the time about how “unfair” life is, you’ll probably start act according to that view.
Title: The power of thoughts Content: 95% of what we do in our day-to-day life is controlled by our subconscious. That means that out of all the things you say or do, only a tiny fraction of them are with true sense of volition.
Title: A sea of somethings Content: You shouldn’t let what happens in one area of your life affect your outlook on the whole.Everything on your plate at this point in time is just another something in a sea of somethings. 
Title: A paradigma of potential Content: Our obsession with certainty can be tragic and counterproductive for multiple reasons.Uncertainty is where things happen. Uncertainty is your personal pathway to opportunity. It’s the environment in which you grow, experience new things and produce new, unprecedented results. Uncertainty is where new happens.When you stick to what you’re comfortable with, doing the same things you’ve always done, you’re not moving forward. You’re repeating things and behaviors that, at one time in your life were risky since you didn’t know what they would lead to, but have since turned into routine.
Title: Expect nothing and accept everything Content: This doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t plan anything and go through life aimlessly without any goals. But when you make a plan don’t expect for victory or defeat. Plan for victory, learn from defeat.If it succeeds, you can celebrate. If it fails, you can re-calibrate
Title: Free the mind  Content: Our minds would love to predict and plan for everything that’s going to happen.But it’s simply not possible. And these expectations not only have a negative effect on our emotional state, they actually leave us less powerful than we really could be.
Title: Chasing what doesn’t exist Content: “All I know” Socrates once said, “is that I know nothing.” Many wise people undestand this. In fact, they owe their wisdom to that very realization, that they don’t actually know a damn thing.Because when we think we know everything, we inadvertently turn ourselves away from the unknown and, by default, whole new realms of success. The person who accepts how unpredictable and uncertain life is has no choice but to embrace it.