Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Love & Relationships,Communication
Title: Difference between solitude and loneliness Content: We use the two terms interchangeably because we’ve been conditioned to think of them as the same state.Loneliness is being alone — and not liking it. It’s afeeling.Solitude is being alone — and content. It’s achoice.If you can master solitude, you’ll never feel lonely again.
Title: Connected but alone Content: From the telegram to the phone to the mobile to the internet, all major cultural inventions have served the same purpose: to bring us closer together.Today, we’ve reached peak hyper-connectivity. We can cross oceans at the touch of the button, speak to someone, anywhere, 24/7.And yet, statistics report that we’ve never felt so lonely. The technologies connecting us are isolating us.
Title: The truth about loneliness Content: You can be surrounded by people, at a party, or in the office, and still feel lonely to your core.And you can be alone, millions of miles away from any human contact, and still feel joyfully connected to the world.It’s less about our circumstances, more about how we react to them.
Title: Fearing solitude Content: Our fear of solitude is really fear ofboredom.We want to be entertained, constantly. The alternative — introspection — intimidates us. And so, we drown out our discomfort with distractions.But that doesn’t mean the discomfort will go away.
Title: Connected yet lonely Content: We’re told happiness comes from within. And yet, we’re never taught how to be alone with ourselves.We celebrate self-esteem. But we stigmatize spending time withourselves.
Title: The joy of being alone Content: Real solitude is almost impossible to experience in the modern world.And for some, this makes it the ultimate privilege.Some people know they can harness times of stillness to find answers to questions, solutions to problems.Solitude deprives you. It stretches you. It illuminates. And this breedscreativity.
Title: How to utilize solitude Content: The only way to overcome solitude is to face it. Ease yourself in, with 10 minutes, then 20, then 30, of solitude a day, or week, or month.There’s great power in doing nothing at all. But when you find strength — rather than fear — in solitude, you will live a far richer life: with others, and with ourselves.