Time Management,Problem Solving,Personal Development,Productivity
Title: Flow is the state of mind Content: ... where we are so immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involvement, and enjoyment in the process of the activity that we lose sense of space and time.It is thought to be triggered by a clear set of goals and having your skills pushed just beyond their breaking point while receiving and reacting to continuous feedback. Through Flow, we can work more and be happier, feel more accomplished, and get better at our jobs.
Title: Why it’s hard to achieve flow in your workplace Content: The processes, policies, and busy work gets in the way.Most jobs don’t have a clear goal.Feedback can be inadequate. The pace of work has increased, and it’s hard for people to spend time thinking deeply.Your skills aren’t well matched to the challenges you are allowed to pursue.There’s a lack of control over interruptions or when and how you work.The job doesn’t push you out of your comfort zone.
Title: Take more risks  Content: ... to push your mind beyond its comfort zone. Flow happens when we get a bit out of our comfort zone. Too much, and you get anxious; Too little and you get bored.You need to know your physical or emotional limitations and consciously push past them.
Title: Practice deliberately  Content: Flow depends on having at least enough mastery over your skills to understand when things are going well and be able to adjust on the fly when they’re not. But repeating the same task gets monotonous and make us more prone to small errors, leaving us unable to push and develop our skills and find Flow in the process.To counter that, take an activity you do regularly, break it down into segments and go through each segment systematically, always looking for ways to get better.
Title: Use job crafting  Content: ... to connect your work to a clear purpose or intention. The main reason we can’t find Flow at work is because our goals aren’t clear. Job crafting consists of looking at your job at multiple levels—task, relationships, identity—and adjusting each one to find more purpose.For example, you could adjust your daily tasks to include more challenging ones. Deepen your relationships with people inside or outside your department. Or change your job title to be more aligned with what you see as your most important work.
Title: Block flow-killing distractions Content: Flow depends on being able to do focused work for long periods of time without interruption. You need to be able to exercise control over your focus and attention, rather than let them be passively determined by external forces.To do that you need to train your focus. Be aware of where your mind is going, bring it back to the task you want to focus on, and try to limit your vulnerability to distraction.
Title: Learn new skills and get feedback Content: To find Flow you need to actively push and search for opportunities for growth and challenge.Actively seek out feedback on the work you’re doing and track your time spent on challenging tasks to make sure you’re putting in the kind of difficult work that triggers states of Flow.