Personal Development,Communication,Problem Solving,Motivation & Inspiration,Leadership & Management
Title:  Content: "Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end." — Spock
Title:  Content: "Highly illogical." — Spock
Title:  Content: "Live long, and prosper."— Spock
Title:  Content: "Things are only impossible until they're not." — Captain Jean-Luc Picard
Title:  Content: "Insufficient facts always invite danger." — Spock
Title:  Content: "Compassion: that's the one things no machine ever had. Maybe it's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them." — Dr. McCoy
Title:  Content: "We prefer to help ourselves. We make mistakes, but we're human—and maybe that's the word that best explains us." — Captain James T. Kirk
Title:  Content: "Improve a mechanical device and you may double productivity. But improve man, you gain a thousandfold." — Khan Noonien Singh
Title:  Content: "I am pleased to see that we have differences. May we together become greater than the sum of both of us." — Surak
Title:  Content: "It is possible to commit no errors and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life."— Captain Jean-Luc Picard to Data
Title:  Content: "I canna' change the laws of physics." — Montgomery "Scotty" Scott
Title:  Content: "KHAAANNN!"— Captain James T. Kirk
Title:  Content: "One man cannot summon the future.""But one man can change the present!" — Spock and Kirk
Title:  Content: "Change is the essential process of all existence." — Spock
Title:  Content: "It is the lot of 'man' to strive no matter how content he is." — Spock
Title:  Content: "Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them." — Spock
Title:  Content: "Without freedom of choice there is no creativity."— Captain James T. Kirk
Title:  Content: "You can use logic to justify almost anything. That's its power. And its flaw."  — Captain Cathryn Janeway
Title:  Content: "There is a way out of every box, a solution to every puzzle; it's just a matter of finding it." — Captain Jean-Luc Picard
Title:  Content: "To boldly go where no man has gone before."— Captain James T. Kirk