Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Problem Solving,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Donate Supplies Content: Donating supplies to a classroom or school, you impact some of the most vulnerable in your community – children. A few supplies can help them live up to their potential.You may also donate books or digital resources such as hardware or software that can make a big difference for kids who wouldn’t have access at home.
Title: Feed Someone Content: For many, hunger is still an issue they contend with, and you can help with that.Contact local churches, homeless shelters or soup kitchens to find out what their food needs are and help. You can also reach out to other community groups in your area to see what’s there.
Title: Become a Mentor Content: Mentoring allows you to hone your skills, develop talent in your trade and create a lasting legacy. It also lets you help people who may not get resources and support to develop themselves.If you’d like to work with people in your industry, look for professional organizations or opportunities through your employer.
Title: Pay It Forward Content: Do a good deed or unsolicited favor for someone you know or even a total stranger. When you continually look for ways to act kindly toward others, it will open your eyes to the love and beauty that surrounds all of us.Even small acts can have a positive impact on those receiving it, and when you do, you inspire them to keep that good feeling going and pay it forward.
Title: Pick Up Trash Content: Picking up trash sets an example and shows that you care about your neighborhood and take pride in where you live and work. Make it even more impactful by getting your family together to do the work side by side.Reach out to a neighborhood group, community liaison police officer or city council member to ask for suggestions on where to start.
Title: Volunteer Content: Being a volunteer lets you choose how to make an impact in your community doing something that matters to you.Check with your professional organization for volunteering opportunities. You can also get involved with a non-profit to help them with fundraising for a worthy cause.
Title: Tutor Someone Content: A patient tutor can make an impact on a student’s education and positively influence the course of their life.It’s generally best to go through an organization if you want to work with kids. The school district or scouting organization where you live may have a tutoring program.
Title: Recycle Content: As a recycler, you help everyone and will make an impact on the Earth itself.Look online for ways to recycle, reuse and upcycle things around your house. You can also ensure you’re buying and using sustainable products that are not harmful to the environment.
Title: Donate Clothing Content: Declutter and make space in your wardrobe by donating clothes. Proper clothing may be all a poor person needs to empower themselves to get a job or promotion.You can ask your local homeless shelter about their clothing needs or other organizations that help those in need.
Title: Donate Blood Content: Donated blood helps save lives every day, and as a perishable, there is always a need for more. You can find out where to donate through the Red Cross or your local hospital.