Communication,Teamwork,Personal Development,Remote Work,Corporate Culture
Title: Communication in the virtual world Content: Bonding with colleagues in the real world is easy. It the virtual world, the tools we have available are video conferences, group messages, and email - all cold forms of communication. Despite the challenges associated with online tool, there are simple rules we can use the make colleagues and clients like us.
Title: Smiling makes people like you Content: Dale Carnegie published a book - How to Win Friends and Influence People. The importance of smiling is among his tips. If you seem pleased to see someone, they will be happy to see you.If you don't have a natural smile, say "great great great" in verses of three, to get the same effect.
Title: Finding common ground Content: Finding common ground is a first step to being charming.Discussing the whole world of pandemic and common weather-related experiences is an excellent way to find that common ground.
Title: Being prepared for virtual meetings Content: Zoom meetings could be used to grow a connection and build ideas. It's important to be fully present.Prepare for virtual meetings as you would for any other. If you're meeting a new colleague, find out what their history is and what interests or motivates them.Use the features of the software you're using to your advantage. For team drinks, add virtual backgrounds that tell people something about you or something funny. Zoom backgrounds can block out any distracting clutter. If you want to use virtual backgrounds, a simple and neutral background can help your audience to focus on what you're saying.
Title: Give people credit for their achievements Content: Flattery is not the same as acknowledgment. Flattery is either a cliche or insincere, whereas acknowledgment is about giving people due credit and making them feel seen.To influence people and build a connection, tell people what they did right, not what they did wrong. That encourages them to do more of it. If someone makes a good point on a Zoom call, tell them so. Acknowledge them in a way that they don't hear all the time.
Title: Tell stories to catch people's attention Content: Storytelling is the first step to capturing someone's attention. Facts are up to 22 times more memorable when presented in story form. Once they're hooked, you can work on demonstrating how smart or interesting you are.An easy way to improve your storytelling is to use sensory information or make comparisons. When Warren Buffet described the last financial crisis, he said, 'Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.' He said this about the banks that borrowed money they couldn't afford to pay back, expecting no one would notice.