Personal Development,Time Management,Health,Habits
Title: Redefine success Content: There’s no prize for working the most hours per week or making the most money.The question is how much joy you’ve brought into people’s lives and how much have you made the world a better place.
Title: Avoid burnout Content: Burnout, stress and depression are worldwide problems.Working harder doesn’t necessarily mean better results — in fact, it can have the exact opposite effect.
Title: Nurture your well-being Content: Make time to take care of yourself in terms of exercise, meditation, music, art and family life — this isn’t selfishness, it’s good sense.
Title: Sleep your way to the top Content: Get more sleep. Not getting enough sleep is associated with health risks and higher stress levels. Every element of your life can be improved by getting the proper amount of sleep.
Title: Take a digital detox Content: When’s the last time you turned off the cellphone and focused 100 % on the people you’re with?Challenge yourself and your loved ones to turn off the digital interruptions. The email will be there when you turn your phone back on.
Title: Keep learning Content: We learn many of our life lessons from our parents, relationships with our spouse and our children.Learning shouldn’t stop when you’re out of school — indeed, that’s when learning may truly begin.
Title: Listen to your inner voice Content: Have you ever had a hunch about something, ignored it and in retrospect you knew that you should have followed it?The next time this happens, listen to your gut feelings and be in touch with the perspective of your own thoughts.
Title: Act like a child Content: Spend time with your kids or grandkids and see life through their eyes at a museum or art gallery. Take a trip to your bucket list location that you’ve always wanted to see.Every action doesn’t have to advance your ability to earn money or exercise power.
Title: Find solitude Content: Mediation helps relieve stress and helps us tap our inner voice. If you don’t like being with yourself, how can you expect others to like being with you?
Title: Give back to your community Content: Being a compassionate person and helping others can help solve some of society’s biggest problems.Find a way that you can share your unique talents or time with a local shelter, an elderly home or at your children’s school.