Personal Development,Health,Problem Solving,Habits
Title: The Uberman Sleep Schedule Content: According to the Uberman research, Sleep follows the80/20 Rule—that is, 80% of your recovery comes from 20% of the time you’re asleep.The Uberman Sleep Schedule: if you took 20-minute naps, every four hours, around the clock, you would “train” your brain to fall into REM sleep instantly the moment you tried to rest.Sleep Deprivation is extremely dangerous for the mind and body.
Title: Self-discipline without Willpower Content: Once you resolve much of your shame, and once you’ve created situations to provide greater emotional benefits from doing the desired behavior than not doing it, you start to experience discipline without willpower. You wake up early because it feels good to wake up early.
You eat healthy because you feel good about not eating junk and having the right diet. The pain is still there, but you work with the pain rather than against it. You pursue it rather than run from it. 
Title: About willpower Content: Most people think of self-discipline in terms of willpower only, which is wrong.Individuals who are able to follow the set rules of self-discipline also tend to be the ones who enjoy the routine.To succeed in your self-discipline routine, your willpower must be trained steadily over a long period of time.
Title: Natural instincts Content: Disciplining people through shame and guilt works well in society, and natural impulses/ instincts being suppressed by religion and philosophers.The curbing of our natural instincts is a method employed to protect us from our over-indulgence and from our own natural desires.
Title: Self Discipline through Self Acceptance Content: De-link your personal failings from moral failings. You have to accept that you like to indulge occasionally and that this doesn’t necessarily make you a bad person.Accept your shortcomings, leading yourself to eventually accept yourself as you are, without guilt or shame.De-couple your emotions from your moral judgments.
Title: Benefits of Self Acceptance Content: When you stop feeling bad about yourself:There’s no need to indulge yourself anymore, as you are not hiding from yourself any longer.You see no reason to punish yourself with guilt. You start to like yourself, so you want to take care of yourself.You feel an urge to take care of yourself not out of will-power but out of self-love.You feel good about your self-care, making the self-discipline routine last longer and having more impact.