Motivation & Inspiration,Personal Development,Habits,Communication
Title: The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari Content: It is a story about materialistic success transforming into true prosperity.The personality development journey of both characters from the book is a guidebook to life.The Protagonist, a seven-figure-making lawyer had everything, in search of wisdom and happiness, sold his belongings and headed to the Himalayan mountains where he studied the wisdom of the Sages.
Title: Positive Thoughts Content: The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
Mastering your mind means seeing setbacks as opportunities.Occupy your mind with uplifting thoughts, because they will give you the energy you'll need to attain the success you desire.
Title: How To Attain Your Goal Content: Visualize your goal.Keep yourself positively motivated.Make a deadline.Take steps daily.Laugh along the way.
Title: Be Bold, Positive and Brave Content: Go boldly where others cannot and do things that you fear.Do the things you fear, because you're building the foundation of success and leadership within yourself. Leading yourself first gives others the vote of confidence that you're capable of leading them too.
Title: Live with Discipline Content: It takes courage to nurture self-discipline because it's not easy.Get away from distractions and weak thoughts and focus your mind on the power and strength of your will.
Title: Do Not Waste Time Content: Time is finite and cannot be bought.Do not waste or kill time.Being efficient with your time also means being ruthless about it.You have to have the courage to say "no".
Title: Kindness and Gratitude Content: in life, your time and energy are the two valuable resources you could offer to anyone. So focus on the quality of your contribution
Title: Happiness vs Achievement Content: Don't sacrifice your happiness in the race to achieve big in life.At the end of the day, your happiness is a choice you have to make and is a journey you have to take.