Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Happily Ever After Content: If you believe in that myth, you’re not going to take the responsibility required to create a great relationship. You have to be ready and willing to work for your relationship. It doesn’t just happen; it takes effort and determination.
Title: Beliefs About Change Content: People can change if they want to.Remember that change can be scary, so it's important to be loving and supportive of your partner.
Title: Who's More Prone To Cheat Content: Not all men are cheaters, and believing so can make you less trusting and more paranoid of your partner. If you want a solid bond, you have to trust your significant other and communicate if you have concerns about his fidelity.
Title: True Love And Mind-Reading Content: Your partner isn’t a mind-reader. It’s up to you to tell them exactly what you need.Just say “It would mean a lot to me if . .. .” and fill in the blank with whatever you need to feel loved and supported.
Title: Commitment Content: Saying your vows and exchanging rings on your wedding day isn’t enough: You need to commit to your marriage every single day if you want a good relationship.
Title: Solving Relationship Problems Content: Women who deal with trust issues tend to wrongly think that marriage and babies will make their partners more committed. Having a baby may actually create new issues on top of the ones you’re already dealing with.To improve your bond, you have to look at what’s happening inside the relationship rather than looking to outside forces to fix it
Title: Good Relationships Take Work Content: In the beginning of a relationship, you’re both putting your best foot forward. But eventually your flaws start to show, and your partner has to learn how to deal with them.Recognizing that all relationships take work will keep you from feeling disappointed later on.
Title: Frequency Of Intimate Relationships Content: Everyone has different needs, so there is no correct frequency for sex. If you want to have sex more or less often, talk to your partner and figure out what works for you both.
Title: Happy Couples Do Fight Content: All couples have differences, and fighting is not a sign that you’re with the wrong person. It’s healthy to debate issues and accept that there will be disagreement.What’s important is being diplomatic during arguments, and not judging or being critical of your partner. Speaking the truth without blame and judgment will establish trust and strengthen your bond.
Title: 'Opposites Attract' Beliefs Content: Although looking for someone who has the qualities you lack brings some benefits, it’s also a big plus to have similarities in your personal history, as well as interests in common.Coming from a similar background will make it easier for you and your partner to relate to one another.