Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication
Title: The millimeter difference Content: There are times when you feel you are miles away from your desired goal. It is false. You’re only a millimeter away from success.According to a cosmetic surgeon, a millimeter in a few spots of a face can be the difference between being very ugly or a supermodel.
Title: Increase your rejection rate Content: When you want to be with a wonderful person, there is a chance you may get rejected. If you don't think you can handle it, increase your rejection rate.Getting used to being rejected builds mental muscle that will eventually get you a yes from someone you thought were out of your league.
Title: Embrace negative experiences Content: Every day, a billion things could go wrong for you and create a negative experience.Learn to embrace the negative. Reframe your brain, and you will experience something new. Think to yourself, "Isn't it great that it is raining today. Now I can stay inside and read a book."
Title: Stop being a follower Content: It's much easier to follow other people instead of your passion. Stop becoming a follower, and start becoming a leader.Tell yourself that you are highly valuable to others and can acquire knowledge and take action. Then coach others and look for ways to help out. Take control of your life, and make your own decisions.
Title: Drop the scarcity mindset Content: We often think we need more of everything to get what we want. In truth, we need less of everything, so we can give more, and be better focused on our vision.Start practicing living below your means. When you feel you are drawn into a scarcity mindset, practice a form of giving to rewire your brain. Find one thing to give and do so right away.
Title: Commit to taking action Content: Our brain gives hundreds of reasons why we can't do things we've always wanted to do.Commit to taking action on the experiences you desire, and stop waiting for the right time. There is never a good time to follow your dreams. When you go ahead and do it, your brain will find a way to deal with the potential time clashes.
Title: Failure is only the beginning Content: One thing we are never taught is that all success starts with failure.Treat your life like a science experiment to find out what formulas for success work for you and which ones don't. String together as many failures in the same area of your life, and if practiced enough, they will translate into one giant success.
Title: Action is all that matters Content: You can read as many positivity blogs as you want. None will help your success.What will help your success is taking immediate action on the knowledge you learn from the different sources in your life.
Title: Being the catalyst for change Content: Amazing things in the world are not created by people with superhuman powers. People like you do extraordinary things every single day.You're one of those people. All you need is to put something out in the world that provides value to other people. Your ideas are just as good. Have faith in yourself, and become the catalyst for something.
Title: Love is everywhere Content: We all have days where we need extra love. Love is all around us. It is not hard to find; it's just that you have to give it first before you can receive it.Do a nice gesture for someone and watch the love and appreciation be reflected back to you through their eyes.
Title: Tomorrow could be your last day Content: We may think that we are going to live forever, but we are not. Nothing is guaranteed.It's easy to keep procrastinating. Once you acknowledge that you're not here forever, you'll find a new sense of urgency. You'll follow your passion every day and stop following everyone else.