Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Health
Title: Arguing over text Content: Couples who argue over text; apologize over text; and/or attempt to make decisions over text, are less happy in their relationships.When it comes to the big stuff, don't let an emoji take the place of your actual face.
Title: Not having kids Content: This isn't to say you can't be happy if you have kids--it's just to understand that it's normal to not feel happy sometimes.Many couples put pressure on themselves to feel perfectly fulfilled once they have a long-term partnershipwith children, but the reality of kids is that they're very stressful on relationships.
Title: Having friends that stay married Content: Research shows you're 75 percent more likely to get divorced if a friend or a close relative has already done the deed.Attending to the health of one's friends' marriages might serve to support and enhance the durability of one's own relationship.
Title: Fighting at the beginning Content: A few researchers believe couples should have rough beginnings where they work things out and then look forward to a long and happy incline in the state of the relationship.The short-term discomfort of an angry but honest conversation is healthy for the relationship over the long haul.
Title: Chores at home Content: When you know what to do and what's expected of you, you tend to be happier both yourself and with your spouse.
Title: The 'better looking' Content: Research shows that whenhusbandsviewtheir wives as the more attractive of the pair, not onlyare they more satisfied in the relationship, but the wives are, too.The opposite is not true--when husbands think they are better-looking, they aren't as happy.
Title: Being best friends Content: People who considertheir spouse to be their best friend are almost twice as satisfied in their marriages as other people.
Title: Their friends overlap Content: Couples with overlapping social networks tend to be less likely to break up--especially when that closeness included "social dispersion," or the introduction of one person's sphere to the other, and vice versa.
Title: Spend money in similar ways Content: Big spenders tend to attract thrifty people, and vice versa. Researchers found that both married and unmarried people tend to select their "money opposite"--and that this causes strife in the relationship.The happiest couples tend to spend money in a similar way, whether that issaving or indulging
Title: Celebrate each other's achievements Content: When couples celebratetheir partner's accomplishments as if they were their own, they're more satisfied in the relationship.There's nothing quite so satisfying as havingyour partner be loudly and enthusiastically in your corner when you do well.