Personal Development,Mental Health,Health
Title: The most desired changes Content: The so-called 'I can't wait!' change refers to the situation when you are excited about taking on a new job, getting married and all these big changes that you decide to undergo throughout your life.It does not only require enthusiasm, but also a big amount of realism and sacrifice, as you are mainly getting out of your comfort zone.
Title: The necessary changes Content: The "I know I have to" beginnings are a bit more challenging to handle than the desired ones. This is mainly because we do the changes as we need to instead of actually wanting them. These situations require courage, determination as well as building up a plan in steps about how to accomplish the change that needs to finally happen.
Title: The forced change Content: This is the " Please don't make me do this" type of change.Change can come both from inside and outside oneself. However, when somebody or something forces a change upon us, we tend to perceive the experience as being painful. Moreover, if we are prone to depression, it can actually put our health at risk. The best two ways to cope with this kind of situation is by either seeking professional help or starting to plan our recovery.
Title: Unanticipated changes Content: The "Where do I start?" beginning is the hardest. It means the bottom has completely dropped out unexpectedly, and we are scrambling to face a world that has changed overnight. Changes that happen as a result of a loss of any kind can be extremely traumatic. In order to overcome them, one should show personal resilience and strong faith in oneself and the others. Such situations are hard to deal with, however, they are the ones allowing us to grow the most.
Title: Tips on handling beginnings Content: In order to be able to better handle changes:Be open to changeSwitch between emotion-focused and problem-focused coping so you can always have the most appropriate method to cope with changeLearn to cope more successfully with future changesBe realistic when handling beginningsSeek professional help whenever needed.