Remote Work
Title: Understanding Your Work-Related Need Content: If you like the WFH experience and would like to continue it on a permanent basis, you may need to make a case to your employer.Prior to that, you may want to reflect on your working needs and preferences, as the WFH model does mean that all your interactions with your bosses and colleagues would be virtual, and the workplace would then cease to be a source of social connections.Keep in mind that the current global situation where almost everyone is working from home can also change in the future.
Title: Explaining Your Work Preferences To Your Boss Content: While framing a pitch to your boss, do not simply list out what benefits you will have while working from home and how comfortable and focussed you are working in your pyjamas!Instead of making this a personal need, frame it as a problem you and your boss are trying to solve. You can mention that your work efficiency is going to be hampered as you have to also take care of your kids, and if the company is able to let you work from home, you can better allocate your time and be more engaged and focussed in your tasks. List out the goals that you can accomplish if you are provided with the WFH option. Align your request with the company needs.
Title: Putting Yourself In Your Employer's Shoes Content: Instead of making it a case of your personal preference and how much you hate commuting, get into the shoes of the employer and frame it from their perspective. If you are moving away to a smaller town or the countryside and plan to work from there, the employer may have a different pay scale(based on employees location) and there could be a possible pay cut.If you plan to move closer to your family members, taking care of your spouse and kids, it may give your pitch strong reasoning.
Title: 360 Degree View Content: While building a case to your boss, showcase how you will set your goals, commit towards your projects, communicate your progress and measure outcomes, ensuring that they know how the working model would work out even after the pandemic, when others are in the office and you are doing WFH.
Title: Your Team When Working From Home Content: If you are a manager handling a team, your decision to not be physically present in the office can impact your coworkers and your own team. While pitching for the WFH request, you need to have the solutions ready on how to handle this challenge.Ensure your manager that you are working towards a solution for the entire department and would be working with the team to ensure that the WFH model works for the entire department.
Title: Handling Objections In Work-From-Home-Arrangements Content: As with any negotiation, be prepared to compromise and treat the discussion as a stepping stone for future negotiations. One can have an honest conversation with the higher-ups to figure out the barriers and pain points, addressing them if possible.If your boss is hesitant about a permanent WFH decision, suggest a trial period, or a pilot month of WFH, after which the decision can be taken.If your boss wants a set of people to be physically present on location to handle on-site issues, you can discuss with your colleagues and try to figure out a path. Try to get the WFH home arrangement with your boss in writing.