Time Management,Personal Development,Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: Negative People Content: Negative people want to bring you down. They rarely contribute, cannot accept you, and consistently work to hurt, belittle or suck away your motivation.Regardless of your accomplishments or recent achievements, they will try to not only make you feel bad so they can feel better but try and hurt you in the process. If any of these people are in your life, just remove them without hesitation.
Title: Negative News Content: Negative news will slowly bring you down, eventually draining your energy and leaving you unmotivated.Try to keep your distance from people who complain a lot and from media that promotes negative news.
Title: Fear Of Failure Content: Many see failure as proof that our effort meant nothing. But failure is a feedback system and gives you the opportunity to fix things, reflect, and grow for the next time.When you fail, take a step back, look at the events that led to it, try to find the lesson in the failure and act upon it.
Title: Inaction Content: You have dreams, aspirations or goals. But they won’t become a reality if you don’t take action. Anything will do, no matter how small or big.Inaction not only prevents you from progressing but it can set you back as some things are time sensitive in nature. Don’t overthink it, just do it.
Title: Don’t Overdo It Content: Be productive but don’t forget that sometimes you need a break. Taking a break has been proven to: relax, reduce stress, increase productivity and give you new perspectives.Burning yourself out is only going to make you tired, kill your motivation and stop your momentum.
Title: Forget The Past Content: We tend to bring past issues into the present even when it doesn’t help. But all it does is take your focus away from or complicated the issues at hand.To bring yourself to the moment try to be conscious of your breathing: focus on your inhale, your exhale and the pause in-between.
Title: Stop Living In The Future Content: The future seldom turns out as we would like it to. Avoid overdoing your efforts into planning for a particular future if there are things he could do now to bring it closer.
Title: Care For Yourself Content: Find time for yourself, and make your schedule work for you, don’t work for your schedule. And don’t focus so much on the lives of others that you forget your own, most relationships are transient after all.