Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity
Title: Common Reasons For Procrastination Content: Fears of not doing a specific task well enough. Unpleasant feelings associated with a specific task. Thinking working under pressure makes for more efficient working.
Title: Drop Or Automate Tasks Content: If procrastination makes your list have too many items, find out what you can eliminate. For necessary but time-consuming tasks that don’t bring a lot of returns, consider adopting solutions that will do it for you.Automating tasks you would otherwise be doing manually, is also very satisfying and can help you fight procrastination.
Title: Break Tasks Down Content: Sometimes it seems daunting to start a project because of its scale, which is why it’s important to break tasks down into small chunks.Subdividing tasks allows you to keep progressing by switching tasks when you get stuck but have deadlines to meet or taking a break isn’t an option. It also allows you to circumvent boredom as you won’t get stuck in the same task.
Title: Make Project-Specific To-Do Lists Content: Daily to-do lists can demoralize us, as we tend to keep pushing to the next day what we can’t finish in time, which makes the list grow and seem overwhelming.Project-specific to-do lists consist of project-specific lists of all the actions you need to take to complete the project. They allow you to work through your tasks as you have time and better use scraps of time.
Title: Only Plan For One Item a Day Content: One way of tackling procrastination is to focus on one thing, and then to give yourself permission to do whatever you want for the rest of the day. Select an important task you’ve been long avoiding, and take one day just for it.After finishing the chosen task, you are likely to attend to other tasks that aren’t on your list and enjoy them more as they won’t seem like an obligation.
Title: Create a Procrastination List Content: When you don’t feel like tackling the hard tasks on your to-do list, ensure that your “procrastination” activity moves you forward. You are unlikely to tackle complex tasks, so make a “procrastination” list with tasks that are different enough from the items on your actual to-do lists, and are relatively quick and painless to do.