Personal Development,Health,Movies & Shows
Title: Don’t Be Alone Content: Horror movie tip: never split up. Monsters, murderers, and creeps have it easier when they can divide and conquer.Real world parallel: trying to better your fitness by yourself is harder than with a good support group.
Title: Get Good At Sprinting Content: Horror movie tip: Most horror movie bad guys are very slow but watch where you step so you don’t trip. Simply maintaining a brisk walking pace after sighting the enemy should be enough to get to safety.Real world parallel: Spend time leveling up your sprinting skills. It builds strength, power, VO2max, endurance and quality of life while also helping you lose weight if paired with a healthy diet.
Title: Training Brains, Technique And Strength Content: Horror movie tip: the unintelligent and unprepared often die in movies, so get smarter, train yourself and learn how to use tools and new skills.Real world parallel: take a tactical approach to both your training and your behavior. Train functionally so that your body is prepared to function. Use your environment, your body weight and free weights to exercise. will give you a better body and the best chance for survival.
Title: Be A Skeptic Content: Horror movie tip: Monsters can be deceptive, wearing disguises and playing dead, and lure you into a trap. Be a skeptic and think carefully before taking potentially dangerous actions.Real world parallel: remain a skeptic when trying to get healthy. Cheap thrills and easy paths often lead to nowhere or are harmful.
Title: Complaining Will Get You Nowhere Content: Horror movie tip: characters whose main response to challenges are panicking, crying about it or giving up are annoying and make themselves easier prey.Real world parallel: In life, you’re gonna think things are getting better, only to find new challenges ahead. But giving up or despairing just leaves you longer with a problem, or even add to it. It’s your responsibility to fix it, so do it.
Title: Finish The Job Content: Horror movie tip: characters often knock out a bad guy and then immediately run away, effectively giving them a chance to recover and try again. Don’t do it, incapacitate him and finish the job.Real world parallel: Make sure you finish what you started. Follow through with your health and fitness or pay the price.