Books
Title: Introduction Content: Leverage pain as motivation to succeed.While your friends are drinking and partying, you work your butt off on your business.Building a business involves lots of pain and difficulties.Rat race athletes will try to put you down.
Title: 1. Reject Getting Rich Slow. Content: What people are doing financially is equivalent to building a roof for 30 years and hoping a rainy day won't come.If you stick to anything for year or two you'll get good at it.If you are living below your means you have nothing to lose, even if you fail.Living financially limited for few years while working on the business is better than living financially limiting whole life.Having high quality life is being happy and being content with thoughts and actions
Title: 2. Separating Time From Money Content: There is one resource that we all have fine amount of Time. Donald Trump has same amount of time as a homeless, it's what you do with that time that counts.There is a cap one person can do in one day. So increase the time by employing other people.Time is not always money.Hire people with my skills set to take over low value tasks while you focus on high value task that generate greatest income.
Title: 3. Accepting That You Must Be Better Than Everyone Else. Content: Building the business must be number one priority in-order to succeed.Don't let fear and comfort you back!Tools and skill won't mean much if you have low self-esteem.Have an advantage that other don't have in the form of skill set.Be confident not cocky, you are better than 99% other people.
Title: 4. Knowing Every Little Thing Is 100% Your Fault. Content: Take 100% responsibility for your life and actions.If you don't take responsibility and blame others that means you aren't in control of your life.Don't complain or blame others.Accept the blame because you are responsible for your business.
Title: 5. Adopting An Abundance Mindset. Content: People view you by how you act not what you say.Being abundant is key in making new relationships and business connections.Stop focusing on the negatives or untrue thoughts.Learning social skills is key.Write myself a 1 million check and let that motivate me in tough timesDon't be afraid to spend money I need to in-order to succeed, spend it wisely, IT'S AN INVESTMENT.Apply abundance to thinking about money, relationship and business.
Title: 6. Forgetting "What If" And Focusing On "What Is". Content: Stop worrying about things that will most likely not even happen.Most efficient way to learn is to make mistakes and learn from themMotivating yourself with a bigger fear will let you conquer the current one. Pain will motivate you, think of a big pain that will occur if you don't take actionLayout a plan on a mind map to solve or learn the current situation and summarise it into a paragraph and read it when "what if" occursKeeping life expenses so low that you won't be afraid to lose the wealth."Life is a lump of wet clay and only way to see the future is by moulding it yourself." Alex Becker
Title: 7. Mapping Out Action That Achieve Goals. Content: Definite a big goal and map it out how to get there, be specific and visualise it with detail.People don't reach their big goals because they don't see the little details along the way.If you feel overwhelmed over the mapping, apply the 6th pillar!Rich people never think of vague wants but instead think in defined goals.Defining and mapping out a goal is same whether you are a beginner or expert.
Title: 8. Focusing Solely On What Gets You Paid. Content: In order to make as much money as possible, solely focus on what gets you paid most.Automate daily tasks such as: food preperation, cleaning and laundry to save time and instead focus on task that generate most money.Instead of learning Coding, delegate the task to a programmer and your money will be made back and time saved.
Title: 9. People Give Money To People That Understand People. Content: Money is power over other people, in other words power exchange i.e. buying groceries, house etc.In order to get people to give money to me I need need to gain control or persuade to buy something of value that they are willing to pay for.The most important thing to get edge over everyone else is to have a brand feel just like Apple.Learn everyday about people to sell to them and persuade to buy good products.If you want to be successful you have to push through the anxiety and get comfortable.It is okay if I make a fool out of myself but once you keep doing something over and over you get comfortable with it.Never shy away from something that will make me socially uncomfortable.
Title: 10. Finding Competitive Friends And Suitable Mentors. Content: Hang out with like minded people and if they are more successful than you that's even better.Healthy competition among friends is very helpful.Personal mentor should be few steps (making ~x10 than you) ahead of me instead of being on the top as the too mentor won't remember what he did in your shoes right now. As you advance improve your mentors.Mentor will help to get through the minefield easier and will save you valuable time.Choose others that bring you up instead of bringing you down.