Habits,Personal Development
Title: Find your WHY Content: Highly motivated people ask themselves: WHY do I do what I do?If you know WHY you do what you do, and it matters deeply to you, then you will find your strength in any situation.
Title: Your beliefs about what’s possible Content: Many people don’t really lack motivation, they lack models of what’s possible - they have limiting beliefs of what’s achievable.That’s why inspirational stories and role models can be so powerful: they open our eyes to a whole new realm of possibilities.
Title: Change your limiting beliefs Content: Limiting beliefs show up in our minds in insidious ways.For example, we might tell ourselves: "That’s not me; I can’t do that; or, I’m not good enough."
Title: Spend more time in your values Content: This habit is like two-for-the-price-of-one. Not only does it help you find your motivation, but it also helps you live a good life.First, find your values. With your values in hand, you can connect them to your daily work.
Title: Surround yourself with catalysts Content: Just like there are some tasks that drain you and other tasks that excite you, there are people who drain you and people who catalyze you.But first and foremost though, make sure that you are your own catalyst. Be a coach, not a critic. When you fail, don’t beat yourself up.
Title: Build better feedback loops Content: Tighten the feedback loop. The closer you can have the feedback to the actual activity, the better.Make it accurate and relevant. If it’s not relevant, then it’s noise. If it’s not accurate, it doesn’t help.Focus on actionable insight. There’s no sense in getting feedback if you don’t have any way to act on it.
Title: Compelling goals Content: Imagine the goals that really inspire you. Word your goals in such a way that they automatically “pull” you toward them. If it feels like you are trying to “push” yourself, then there is something getting in the way.Also, frame the goal in such a way that you are drawn to both the outcome and the journey.