Personal Development,Mental Health,Psychology
Title: Emotional Regulation Content: It meanshaving the skills to control your behavior, emotions and thoughts in the pursuit of long-term goals.Emotional regulation skills enable us to live a healthy and well-balanced life, physically, mentally and spiritually.
Title: Applying The Power Of Choice Content: You have torecognize that you have the choice in how you react to situations.This will empower you to work with the challenges that you face in your life: you'll have clarity, focus and a purpose.
Title: The STOPP Technique  Content: ... to control your emotions:S – StopT – Take A BreathO – Observe – your thoughts and feelingsP- Pull Back – put in some perspective – what is the bigger picture?P – Practice What Works – Proceed – what is the best thing to do right now?
Title: Take Care Of Your Body Content: Consistent physical activity, eating well and getting lots of sleep are critical to you having a resilient and well-balanced life.
Title: Nurture Positive Relationships Content: Your wellbeing, mentally, physically and spiritually is influenced by the type of relationships you have in your life.The more positive and healthier your relationships are, the more resilient and optimistic you will feel about your life.
Title: Practice Mindfulness Content: It canhelp you to increase your ability to regulate emotions, decrease stress, anxiety and depression.It can also help you to focus your attention, as well as to observe your thoughts and feelings without judgment.
Title: Letting Go Content: This is one of the hardest emotional regulation skills to learn - letting go of painful emotional and regrets.When you do manage to release all these negative emotions, you will find that your resilience and ability to deal with the curveballs of life will improve.
Title: Accept Your Vulnerability Content: Allowing yourself to be vulnerable takes strength and courage.Don’t bottle up your emotions. Become more self-aware: explore your emotions, ask questions to get in touch with how you are feeling and thinking in a given moment.
Title: Seek Excellence Not Perfection Content: Perfectionism isn’t about growth, improvement, or personal achievement, it’s about fear and avoidance.Therefore, what you should really be focused on is realizing excellence, the best version of yourself despite your flaws.
Title: Accept Negative Feelings Content: ... because they never go away. They will always be a part of your life.The best course of action you can take is to face your fears and move forward.