Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Problem Solving
Title: Be social Content: Put yourself out there and meet more people, because people bring connections and connections bring opportunity.Also, keep in touch with your established relationships.
Title: Visualize Content: If you have a goal in mind, imagine the stepping stones to your success. Seeing each detail in the path to success is key.
Title: Help others Content: Lucky people give freely of their time and resources.Giving reminds us of how lucky we already are.
Title: Welcome chance Content: If you do not consider new things, you are bound to feel bored and stifled. Be open to new things. This will expose you to other opportunities or help you to see things from a different perspective.
Title: Be on the lookout for luck Content: Sometimes luck is something you can find if you allow yourself to look for it. Luck is about learning where to find an opportunity.Be aware of your circumstances and surroundings to notice and act on opportunities.
Title: Take a chance Content: If you don’t push yourself out of your comfort zone, you’ll never know the true extent of your abilities.Allow yourself to be versatile and wear different hats. Act when you spot an opportunity.
Title: Hard work Content: Create your own luck through hard work.Lucky people have a positive attitude and are resilient when bad things happen.Unlucky people tend to be fatalistic and believe that no matter how hard they work, they will be unlucky.
Title: Focus on the positive side Content: The grass might look greener on the other side, but you also have opportunities on your side of the fence if you will only look for them.Look for the silver linings even in what seems like a bad situation.
Title: Setbacks happen Content: Failure is part of life. Accept that there will be moments when you’ll feel down in the dumps. Don’t give up. Look for a new angle to approach your problem.
Title: Stay in the present Content: Instead of getting fixated on things beyond your control, focus on what you can do.Staying in the present allows you to see all the little things that you have become oblivious to. It enables you to see the opportunities in front of you.