Food,Personal Development,Health,longevity
Title: Move Content: Decades of studies show that just 30 minutes of moderate to intense daily physical activity lowers your risk for physiological diseases (like heart disease and cancer), as well as psychological ones (like anxiety and Alzheimer’s).Exercisehas also a potent anti-aging effect.
Title: Eat Real Foods Content: Avoid stuff that comes wrapped in plastic.Foods that undergo ultra-processing tend to see much of their nutritional bounty stripped from them. Also, ultra-processed foods are much higher in energy density than foods made from fresh, whole ingredients.A healthy diet is onerich in vegetables, whole grains, fish, and leaner meats with regular but not excessive consumption of fruits, nuts, and healthy oils.
Title: Call Your Friends Content: Social connections are associated with reduced levels of the stress hormone cortisol, improved sleep quality, reduced risk of heart disease and stroke, slowed cognitive decline, lessened systemic inflammation, and improved immune function.
Title: Avoid Using Supplements Content: Americans spend more than $30 billion every year on dietary supplements, yet the vast majority don’t work and may even cause harm.There simply aren’t any supplements with sufficient evidence behind them to support their use in a person who doesn’t have a particular proven deficiency or need.
Title: Sleep 8 Hours at Night Content: Regardless of what the biohackers may tell you, you simply cannot nap or intermittently sleep your way to optimal health and functioning.There are increasing marginal benefits to sleep, and hours seven through nine—the hours most people don’t get—are actually the most powerful.
Title: Enjoy Nature Content: Time in nature is an antidote to the ill effects of stress, prevents and in some cases even helps cure anxiety and depression, and enhances creativity.
Title: Don’t Smoke Content: Smoking is associated with dozens of types of cancer, as well as heart disease, dementia, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, your body literally starts repairing the damage caused by smoking within days of stopping.
Title: Don’t Drink Too Much Content: Like smoking, excessive alcohol use is associated with a number of chronic diseases, such as liver cirrhosis, throat cancer, and cardiovascular disease. Drinking too much also impairs sleep and daily function. Moderation is key.