Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Entrepreneurship,Business
Title: Elon Musk’s Productivity Tips Content: By delegating whenever possible and surrounding himself with a dedicated team of engineers, Musk frees up his time for the projects for which he is most competent and passionate.Musk also focuses on activities that make money and generate revenue for his brand; this is a simplified approach among successful business owners.
Title: Jeff Bezos Productivity Tips Content: Clarity about his purpose and position helps Jeff Bezos get things done. Recognizing meetings are prospective time-wasters, Bezos steers clear of meetings that are not needed.He uses the “Two Pizza Rule,” never inviting more people to a meeting that could consume two pizzas. The more people you squeeze into a meeting, the less productive it is likely to be.
Title: Bill Gates Productivity Tips Content: Work hard and make no excuses for doing less than your best.Sometimes change must happen to move forward.Believe in your dreams and goals and stay focused.Hire the best talent you can and fully support them.Cut down on paper – utilize email, online scheduling, and cloud sharing first and always.Filtering can help reduce your incoming emails and communications to a more productive level.Use a whiteboard to enhance collaboration, tell stories, brainstorm, and power new ideas.
Title: Productivity Advice From Steve Jobs Content: Focus on what matters most and get rid of the rest.Hire great talent then delegate tasks to free up your time.Get more experiences and broaden your scope.Reassess daily and make changes when you need to.Start with a list of the ten things you want to do in the year – then ruthlessly edit the list until you have only three or four items.
Title: Oprah Winfrey’s Productivity Tips Content: Wake up early and eat a nutritious breakfast;Focus on your goals;Rise above and overcome adversity – even if it seems impossible;Follow your passion and channel your energy into success;Practice stillness. Oprah spends 20-minutes per day sitting in absolute stillness. It helps her to clear her mind and focus on her jobs and outstanding projects at hand;Lead a life for others – Oprah dedicates much of her time to helping others.Seize every opportunity that comes your way, no matter how big or how small.
Title: Brian Tracy Productivity Tips Content: Focus first on the tasks that earn you more money.Dump the electronic interruptions, or severely limit them so you can focus on selling.Ignore email in the morning, checking it will merely distract you from your goals. Make a prioritized list each evening for the next day.Getting up early each day will help you become productive and focus on everything you need to accomplish.
Title: Sheryl Sandberg’s Top Productivity Tips Content: Work hard – but also strive to have a life, too.Create a network – and then leverage it.Be as efficient as possible.Don’t be afraid to go old school if you prefer paper lists and reminders.
Title: Jessica Alba’s Productivity Tips Content: Be involved in the daily management of your brand without  micromanaging your team.Ask for help to shorten the learning curve when you start something new.If f you have an idea, you don’t have to be a pro at designing a product or marketing - you can hire people to help you with the essential details.You need a passion for what you do, to be genuinely productive.Hire the right people with the right expertise to help you.
Title: Tim Ferriss’ Productivity Tips Content: Identify those things that are causing you the most stress.Make a list of the top 3-5 items to work on in a day and decide which ones are truly worthy of time.Work when you are most useful to boost productivity.Being busy doesn’t mean you are getting much done.Don’t make it easy for others to say no.If you find it necessary, make time for it.Money is not the only measure of success.
Title: Mark Zuckerberg Productivity Tips Content: Make decisions that matter.Zuckerberg wears almost the same thing every day, so he never has to spend brain time wondering what to wear each day.Set annual goals. It is easy to get bogged down in the day to day details and lose focus if you only have short-term goals. Support employees, but keep them on their toes. When you hold your employees to a high standard, you can depend on them and ensure they get things done.
Title: Warren Buffet Productivity Tips Content: Write down your top goals, both long and short-term things.Focus on the top five goals and then deliberately ignore the rest. The remaining 20 items will end up distracting you from accomplishing the things you most want to do.