Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Act like a sea star Content: ... not a wounded bird.While a wounded bird usually can’t heal on its own, a sea star regenerates its own limbs. It doesn't have to wait for someone to come to the rescue.While outside help can be beneficial, you don't always need someone to help you overcome an obstacle. You can find solutions to your problem.
Title: The world is your oyster Content: Oysters form pearls as a way to protect themselves from foreign substances, such as sand.Listen to your inner voice. Not only is it there to protect you, but it can guide you toward people, information and ideas that can transform your life.
Title: Dive deep into the research Content: To become your own hero, go above and beyond surface level information.Reading the right book or article can provide you with valuable guidance that you probably won’t find anywhere else.
Title: Avoid becoming overwhelmed Content: Exposing yourself to too much information can actually work against you.Confusion can lead to indecision, which can easily prevent you from moving forward.Nip it in the bud using stress-reduction techniques. Go for a walk, listen to music, cook, or write.The time away will allow you to see things from a fresh perspective.
Title: Learn from your mistakes Content: You will likely go through a lot of trial and error before you find a complete solution.Do not strive for perfection. Learn from your mistakes and move on. Fully immerse yourself in the journey.
Title: Don’t be afraid to ask for help Content: Sometimes, life can get so challenging that we isolate ourselves. You should find a source of emotional support during those times.Seek out people who lift you up, rather than pull you down.
Title: Make gratitude a daily habit Content: When you stop and think about everything you have to be thankful for, the situation seems a lot less bleak.Every day, count on one hand five good things that are happening in your life. Jot them down in a journal, so you can revisit them anytime.