Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Problem Solving
Title: To enter the flow state Content: An activity must have a clear set of goals and progress.A task must have clear and immediate feedback.There must be a good balance between the perceived challenge of the task and the individual's own perceived skills.
Title: Tasks that encourage flow Content: These are tasks that tend to have high consequences (e.g., rock climbing or public speaking), clear feedback, and take place in a varied environment.
Title: Flow = focusing on the present moment Content: When you are experiencing flow, it seems like the task at hand is almost performing itself.But there's still a sense of personal control over it, and working on it feels very rewarding.
Title: The flow state Content: We experience the "flow state" when a given task becomes effortless and time slips by without our noticing. It's an absorbing, intrinsically rewarding state that we enter when performing certain tasks.When in the flow state we experience mindfulness and actions and awareness merge, so that it seems like the task is almost performing itself. Despite this, there's still a sense of personal control over the task at hand, and performing it feels intrinsically rewarding.
Title: Choosing an activity to enter the flow state Content: Arguably, the most important criteria in the pursuit of flow is to pick intrinsically rewarding tasks that have high consequences (e.g., rock climbing or public speaking), clear feedback, and take place in a rich and varied environment (so not your office cubicle).
Title: To enter the flow state... Content: The activity must have a clear set of goals and progress, which adds direction and structure to the task.The task must have clear and immediate feedback, which enables the person to adjust while performing the task.There must be a good balance between the perceived challenge of the task and the individual's own perceived skills. Lacking skill for a challenge produces anxiety, while being over-skilled leads to relaxation.