Money & Investments,Communication,Computer Science,Product & Design,Technology & The Future
Title: Know your audience Content: Know who you are speaking to. It will help you tailor the talk and will help keep the audience engaged.Is the audience of your speech going to be mainly fellow psychologists, health professionals, other professional groups, students or consumers? What do they want and need to hear? 
Title: Keep it simple Content: "I imagine that I'm going to present to my grandmother, who had a fifth-grade education." Barry Schwartz, PhDRemember that there also used to be a time when you didn't know the information you are delivering.  Give a talk that makes people feel like they're smart and like they want to learn more about the topic.
Title: Emphasize connection over content Content: Talk to persuade, not just to inform.Rattling off facts and figures and talking at the audience isn't effective if they aren't interested in what you are saying.Be clear about what you want the audience to walk away with when they leave and use that intent as a structure to frame your talk.
Title: Be authentic Content: Authenticity—sounding like yourself and using everyday language—is key to getting your message across to an audience,
Title: Diversify your delivery Content: Use visual tools (such as slides or a video) as an aid. Incorporate research and tell stories.Use anecdotes as an effective way to connect with your audience.
Title: Shake it up Content: Using different media in your talk makes it more dynamic and compelling. It creates energy and vibrancy.  
Think about ways to use slides, video, audio, handouts, props, and even spontaneous smartphone polls to engage your audience.
Title: Stick to your points Content: Determine your main points and outline them. Use notes or PowerPoint or Keynote slides as prompts. Avoid using only words. Use slides for emphasis.
Title: Know the setup Content: Have a run-through in the space you'll be speaking at if possible and test the tech system for possible problems.  
For instance, the sound may not run properly with your video or your slides may be set up behind you and prevent you from seeing where you are in your talk.
Title: Don't lecture the whole time Content: Use humor, an engaging video or other media to present various aspects of topics that needs deeper exploration.
Title: Leave time for questions Content: Talking until the last minute is a common mistake many speakers make.For an hour-long presentation, plan for 45 minutes of talking and 15 minutes for questions.