Personal Development,Habits,Productivity,Problem Solving
Title: Fear Of Failure Content: Perfectionism often leads to procrastination due to its overwhelming expectations. It’s often better to just try, regardless of whether or not circumstances are optimal.You should put your best foot forward, but you do have to realize that at some point you’ll need to start taking steps forward and that failure is often necessary for success.
Title: External Sources Of Structure  Content: Having an external source of structure keeps you on task and accountable but prevents you from completely defining your own goals, and forces you to accept somebody else’s standards. Living long enough under such a system can prevent you from developing critical skills to handle yourself and the motivation needed to fully exercise your freedom.
Title: Lack Of Clear Goals Content: Without tangible realizations of your goals, you are going to struggle knowing where to start. We can mitigate the fear of failure by focusing on rewarding, enjoyable, and achievable goals.Dreaming about your goals and believing that you can achieve them is the only way to really find motivation from within. Also, keep the big picture goals in mind, but remember that overcoming inertia and completing or even just planning smaller tasks related to it is better than staying stuck.
Title: Ignoring Your Health Content: Lack of proper sleep, rumination, poor hydration, lack of exercise, overconsumption of carbohydrates or stimulants, all will leave you demotivated and decrease your self-esteem, leading to depression. Which restarts the vicious cycle of negative thoughts and negative energy levels.Physical neglect will rob you of feeling pleasure for any activity. You need to spot and stop the cycle as soon as you can.
Title: Loss Of Core Identity Content: Knowing who you are and who you want to be is key to finding intrinsic motivation and better caring for yourself. A stronger sense of self, combined with re-committing to loving, humble, and honorable principles can keep you from straying off the path when you fail.It takes work to uncover and stay true to yourself. Journaling can help you with that, the honesty that comes with it reminds you of who you are.