Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Habits,Problem Solving
Title: Create some emotional distance Content: Think about what are you so bothered by the day. Was there any particular trigger? Have you tried solve that issue? Once you have done that problem-solving, can you aknowledge that any further angst is just your mind staying stuck?Accepting that sometimes life is tough, but that worrying about that doesn’t change it, and just adds to our misery, helps me to move on.
Title: Take care of someone or something Content: Take for example gardening.It is a form of offering and receiving uncomplicated love: you love the plant, and then the plant grows beautifully, which is how you receive love back.With all of the distractions and complications in life, this simple practice is meaningful and healing.
Title: Do whatever feels good Content: Different days and different circumstances call for different coping strategies.There are days when you might feel the need to numb. You immediately turn on Netflix to zone out for a while because you need to press pause and completely shut off my brain.On other days, adrenaline rushes in and calls for more action if you want to unwind and let go. Hit the trail for a run or walk, take a bike ride or catch a yoga class. The movement really helps shift perspectives and moods.
Title: Process your feelings Content: Recognize that feelings are always there for a reason.This means that you have to take some time to assess and self-soothe. Sometimes, this means reminding yourself that you can only do the best that you can, and that things can be unpredictable. After taking some time to be self-compassionate, translate what you're feeling into actions to take.
Title: Look up (literally) Content: Look at the treetops and the clouds. Look around and enjoy the newness of what you see. Try looking down at your shoes and saying, “I feel great,” then looking up at the ceiling or the clouds and saying the same. You’ll notice that one is flat and one has a little more energy.
Title: Take pictures Content: Use mindful photography for when you feel stressed or need to recharge.This practice uses photography as a meditative medium and requires you to slow down as you take things in. It also serves as a great creative outlet and gets you outside the house.
Title: Replace bad habits Content: Take for example the time we spend on our phones daily.Challenge yourself to make a small switch that will help feed your desire for connection: instead of spending time scrolling through social media, call a friend - a substitute that satisfies your curiosity and give you a sense of belonging.
Title: Challenge your internal monologue Content: Start paying attention to what I tell yourself.Develop a more balanced view of yourself and the situations you're involved in.Challenge the negative thoughts by asking yourself what evidence you have to support them. This helps you reality-test the nature of your thinking.