Health,Personal Development
Title: Guilt-Free Play With Friends Content: An alternative to gym style physical exercise is just doing any physical activity that gets you sweating and your heart racing. You can do that by playing with your friends.Incorporate play into your weekly routine to better control anxiety and workaholism. It helps you decompress and makes you more productive.
Title: Unplug From All Sources Of News Content: Alarmist news and content can be one of the biggest sources of anxiety. Unplugging from it decreases your anxiety and gives you more time to do more positive and beneficial activities.It’s important to be informed of noteworthy events but you can do that without making it a part of a routine. Block or avoid bad content whenever you can.
Title: Consistent Bedtime Content: Sleeping eight hours a night will help you keep your body and emotions in balance. You’ll be more relaxed, more productive, and far less anxious.20-minute naps after lunch will also replenish your energies for the rest of the day.
Title: Tips To Achieve a Quality Sleep:  Content: Keep your phone far from the bed so you don’t reach for it while laying down.Disconnected or turn off all notificationsSet your air conditioner to a comfortable temperature Keep the curtains drawn and wear a sleep maskCommit to a consistent bedtime. You can even set reminders for it.Focus on the rhythm of your breathing until you fell asleep.
Title: Eliminate Stimulants Content: Some common substances increase anxiety, avoid them for a week and then reintroduce them to see the effects. Common culprits include caffeine, aspartame, gluten, refined sugar, alcohol, cigarettes, and marijuana.To make the abstinence easier: refuse to consume them, give or throw away if you have them in your house, replace them with a healthy alternative.
Title: Trauma Releasing Exercises Content: T. R. E. — Trauma Releasing Exercises, were designed to induce tremors in those who’ve gone through trauma. The exercises take about 20 minutes to complete, and they’re intended to induce tremors by exhausting your leg muscles.It’s a series of stretches that help your body thaw itself out by alleviating the chronic tension anxiety creates.
Title: Fix Micronutrient Deficiencies Content: Many factors influence the nutritional composition of food so even a natural and well-balanced diet can be deficient in key nutrients your body needs. So it’s important to test yourself for nutritional deficiencies and adjust your food or take supplements to fix them.