Corporate Culture,Motivation & Inspiration,Philosophy,Teamwork,Love & Relationships
Title: The Culture Of Contempt Content: Most of the world leaders in media, politics, religion, academia and entertainment are playing divide and rule, an old trick to be able to rule on a large group of people by setting them against one another.This has made most, if not all, brainwashed, and has set a culture of contempt, and the cure for this is not tolerance or civility, but genuine love for all and for our country.We all need to join together and kill the culture of contempt.
Title: Refuse To Be Used By The Powerful Content: Most of us think the manipulative leader which is trying to use us is someone we can see through and hate. But that person, who is disliked by us, is not the actual offender.The one you need to be vary of is the one on your side: The powerful media person or politician who is always affirming your views, who repeats your thoughts and never challenges your biases.It is gratifying to see that powerful people are our supporters, but what is missed is that they are using us for their own interests.
Title: Handling Powerful Manipulators Who You Idolize Content: Tune out the powerful manipulators, TV hosts, columnists etc., by not subscribing to their views.Stand up to your own friends who are abusing or hating people on the other side. These people who were apparently on your side will now shun you like there is no tomorrow, but it’s the right thing to do.
Title: Escape Your Own Bubble Content: Hatred needs the fanning of polarization and separation. We cannot contempt others if we see them as our own. We need to touch the ‘other shore’, see, hear and read about the stuff which is out of our echo chamber.
Title: Identity Is A Double-Edged Sword Content: Many countries emphasise on identity in cult-like social and political demographics, creating an ‘us vs them’ attitude right from the beginning, in the name of bonding and belonging(inside the group).A unified approach would be to bond with all, rather than emphasizing the differences by being part of one group and demonizing other groups.
Title: Love And Respect For All Content: One shouldn’t be treating others with contempt, even if they deserve the treatment. It is not easy to persuade anyone if you are insulting others, as that never leads to an agreement.If we have lost friendships by saying contemptuous things to others, we can call them and apologize.Even when you yourself are treated with contempt, respond with good humour and warm heartedness, taking that in your stride.
Title: A Healthy Disagreement Content: Disagreeing should not be accompanied by contempt. To respectfully disagree with someone in a dignified way leads to an earnest, healthy debate and eventual growth.It’s a fruitful exercise to find someone that you disagree with, and listen to what the person has to say, treat them with great respect, and learn a new worldview in the process, broadening your horizon. You don’t have to subscribe to their beliefs or make them your enemy.
Title: Politics Cleansing: Disconnect From News Media Content: Unlike the old newspaper days, reading news from an app or from social media is like being a guinea pig for Big Media algorithms, who milk our preferences and use them for marketing purposes, and design their products in such a way that we stay hooked for long.The way out of this labyrinth is to watch selective news media and disconnect from social media, unfollow the public figures who practice divide and rule, and do a political cleansing from your system.