Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: In need of a makeover Content: A to-do list can be helpful but is often not used successfully. If you end the day with things undone or if you regularly carry tasks forward, you need a to-do list makeover.
Title: Get clear on what's important Content: Most people are unaware of their priorities. Our priorities are the things that are most important to us right now. Not serving them is non-negotiable.People are capable of having two or three priorities. More priorities leave them scattered and unfulfilled, filling their time with stuff that doesn't matter.Once you know your priorities, everything on your to-do list should serve them. Look out for the 'shoulds' - they are not serving your priorities.
Title: Give tasks a value Content: Look over your to-do list and assign every task a value, such as a dollar-per-hour amount that you might have to pay someone else to do it. Score tasks from $10 per hour for administrative tasks up to $10,000 per hour for high-level strategy and sales-related tasks.By giving dollar-per-hour values to specific tasks, you ensure you use your resources correctly.
Title: Measure a task’s urgency Content: Break down a master to-do list into four sections:Urgent and important: These tasks should be done today.Not urgent but important: Schedule these tasks for later.Urgent and not important: These tasks should be delegated.Not important and not urgent: Delete it from your list.To move ahead of that to-do list, spend most of your time on tasks that are important but not yet urgent.
Title: Put the hard stuff first Content: We like to put the easy tasks on top of the to-do list because it feels good to finish a task.When you do that, you have less time for hard things.However, it is the hard stuff that serves your priorities.
Title: Be specific Content: Don't let your to-do list be vague, undefined, and unclear. Any action on your to-do list must have a particular outcome.Consider how important each task is and what time frame you have to complete those tasks.Group similar tasks together. Break large tasks down into smaller steps to be completed over a period.
Title: Do a to-do list sprint Content: The hardest part is actually getting started on a task.Ways to get started:Work in sprints to see how much you can get done in one hour.You can also set a timer for 15 minutes and commit to not give in to any distraction, including checking your phone. 