Problem Solving,Personal Development,Creativity,Reading & Writing
Title: Consider what you consume Content: Idea generation is fueled by consumption, not creativity.Creativity is just connecting things. The more things we have to connect, the better our ideas will become.Consider the quantity and quality of things you consume, like books, movies, TV shows, articles and people you interact with.
Title: Output Content: To get the most value out of what you consume, it helps to have a mode of output: Talk about it, write about it or condense it into a tweet.
Title: Expand your viewpoint Content: To improve your idea generation, zoom out your perspective to a macro level.For example, on a micro-level, a Billy Joel concert may just be a fun way to spend a night. On a macro level, it is packed with ideas about how to connect with an audience.
Title: Capture ideas when they come Content: Recognize ideas that constantly come to you and develop a system to capture them.Carry around a notebook, leave yourself a voicemail, send an email or use any other way to capture the idea.
Title: Speak your ideas Content: The process of communicating an idea helps to clarify it and see it in a new way.Express your own ideas out loud to somebody.
Title: Ask more questions Content: The process of coming up with questions to ask and listening to people's answers can lead to new ideas.It trains us to look for different viewpoints and layers to things.
Title: Study opposite takes on the same idea Content: There are infinite answers to every challenge.Seek out different ways people answer the same question. Consume conflicting ideas to help you see the bigger picture.
Title: Focus on ideas that solve problems Content: The most valuable ideas are ones that solve problems for people.Think about what problems people have that you’d like to solve.
Title: Vary where and when you think Content: A variety of environments sparks a higher quality of ideas.Try to brainstorm at different times and locations: for instance, when you wake up one day, at lunch the next, and right before bed the day after that.