Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Remote Work
Title: What Deep Work Is Content: A process of performing “professional activities…in a state of distraction-free concentration that pushes your cognitive capabilities to their limit. These efforts create new value, improve your skill, and are hard to replicate.” - Cal NewportHistorically, psychologists used to refer to deep work as “being in the flow."
Title: Shallow work Content: The non-cognitively demanding, logistical-style tasks, often performed while distracted, tend not to create much new value in the world and are easy to replicate.
Title: Recognizing our limited willpower Content: ...is the first element of deep work.That means you won’t have the mental discipline to stay concentrated on a single task unless you prepare your mind and environment to it.
Title: Organize Your Deep Work Content: Develop a deep work schedule and routine:A systematic way of getting in that deep work mindset is to develop a routine in which you always perform the task in the same place and time, for a given time frame.Work on what matters:At the end of the day, you should be acting like an executive, working towards your goals in a professional, consistent manner.Accept laziness:While the results should lead to higher productivity levels, your ultimate goal is to have more time for yourself. Enjoy your “lazy” time".
Title: To work on what matters... Content: Identify a small number of ambitious outcomes to pursue with your deep work hoursFind your lag(the goal you’re trying to achieve)and lead metrics(the behaviors you’ll do to reach the goal)Develop a scoreboard where you track your time spend in a state of deep workAnalyze the results and be accountable for the results, always working to hit the metrics you had previously identified
Title: Deep Work Content: ... is all abouttaking your existing time spent working and concentrating it to make the most out of it.But it’s not that you have to do more things in less time. Instead, it’s about getting more out of the tasks you normally do by reducing distractions.Deep Work is about working smarter, not harder.
Title: Concentrate Your Energy Content: Take breaks:instead of trying to get rid of distractions, you should concentrate the energy you put into them during set breaks.Schedule tight deadlines:pick your most important tasks, the ones that require deep work, and then you schedule them in a shorter time span than you normally would.Meditate: set a scheduled break which you dedicate to physical activity, like walking or driving, focusing your attention on a specific problem as you carry out the former.
Title: Quit Social Media Content: But instead of denying their use completely, use the “Craftsman Approach to Tool Selection.” This means that you copy the way craftsman pick tools: they use the ones with positive impacts that outweigh the negative impactsif you are a Facebook Ads marketer, use Facebook. If you have found the use of LinkedIn helps you attract traffic and leads to your site, the same idea applies.But if you can’t find a positive outcome from the use of a social media channel,quit it.
Title: Eliminate Shallow Time Content: Schedule all your activities:schedule your day before you start it and organize your work — both deep and shallow.Finish your workday early:cutting off your working time early will put your mind in “scarcity mode,” pushing you to finish it in less time than usual.
Title: Become Hard to Reach Content: If you want to find time for your deep work, close all your distractions—email, Slack, phone, internet connection—and work until you’re done. Then reconnect to the world.The strategy is effective for the simple reason that you’re forcing yourself to do your work — you give yourself no choice but to work.