Personal Development,Mental Health,Health
Title: Resilience Content: It's the skill that enables us to recover quickly from difficulties. It meansadapting well in the face of trauma, tragedy or significant stress.We build our resilience by learning to cope with challenges.
Title: Build a circle of trust Content: The primary factor in resilience is having supportive relationships, inside and outside the family.Close friends, family and loved ones represent our social support; they encourage and motivate us, and let us know that we aren’t alone. 
Title: Reframe stressful situations Content: The way we view a potentially stressful situation can either make the crisis worse in our mind or minimize it.Reframing things in a more positive way can alter our perceptions and relieve our stressful feelings.
Title: Take action Content: Don’t allow yourself to become paralyzed, numb or detached during a crisis situation or a traumatic event. And don’t wait for someone else to come and save the day.Remind yourself that you’re not at the mercy of events beyond your control; you can always do something.
Title: Have a positive attitude Content: Catch yourself when you’re slipping into stress-inducing patterns of thinking.Maintaining a hopeful and optimistic outlook will help you see beyond your current circumstances.
Title: Accept change Content: Don't spend your life avoiding it. Change is a part of life.Be prepared and learn to adapt when it comes. Try to see it as anecessary component of revising the old way and embracing innovation.
Title: Keep things in perspective Content: Remind yourself of what is going well in your life. Consider the best and worst that could happen.What’s the worst-case scenario here? Is this situation really as bad as it could get? Probably not. Take action to fix the problem and move on.
Title: Build self-confidence Content: We have to find ways to cultivate the confidence and assurance that we can handle a situation.Believing in yourself and knowing that you can weather any storm will allow you to master resilience and overcome any crisis.
Title: Find everyday joys Content: Building resilience isn’t just about weathering the storm; it’s also about looking for the everyday joys that make life worth living.Being able to laugh in the face of adversity is an excellent way to relieve stress and build resilience.