Personal Development,Communication,Mental Health,Psychology
Title: The sum of individual acts Content: We do not have to make our life (and job) more challenging by adding emotional drama to insignificant matters or fighting battles we don't actually care about.If we take a step back, we can view the problem objectively.  Then we can handle matters reasonably and appropriately, without making life unnecessarily difficult.
Title: You control your mind Content: Although we sometimes think our work is overwhelming, or that our boss is frustrating, external objects do not have access to your mind. Those emotions come from the inside, not the outside.What we do in our mind is on us. We cannot blame outside sources for making us feel stressed or frustrated.
Title: A proper frame of mind  Content: We like to think that we are in control of our lives, but we continue to let our emotions ride a roller coaster, depending on what happens with us.If something bad happens, we have to be sad. If something good happens soon after, we're excited.We are not puppets in the hands of our feelings. We should be the ones in control of our emotions.
Title: Keep it simple Content: Each day presents us with many tasks and distractions. What should I wear? Am I eating well enough? What's next for me in life?Approach each day as if it is the last. You don't need to get lost in all the distractions in life. Focus on the few things that make it possible to live an abundant life.
Title: Never do anything out of habit Content: We should consider why we do what we do. Holding onto mindless habits means that we have stopped thinking about them.Find out what you do out of rote memory. Ask yourself if it is really the best way to do it.
Title: Your career is not everything Content: There is more to life than a career.You must be careful not to get so wrapped up in your work that you fear to let go. Take pride in your work, but realize that it is not all.
Title: Guard your peace of mind Content: Stoicism helps us to manage and think through our emotional reactions. It makes our circumstances easier to bear.However, we should ask ourselves if we should be in that specific situation in the first place. Is this really the environment you were made for? Is this really the life you want? Don't be afraid to make a change.