Personal Development,Communication,Entertainment
Title: Humour in philosophy Content: Henri Bergson, a Fresh philosopher of the late 19th century, was also an author of a famous essay that focused on laughter. Before Bergson, few philosophers had given laughter much thought.Other major thinkers who have offered humourless reflections about humour include Thomas Hobbes and René Descartes, who believed we laugh because we feel superior.Immanuel Kant and Arthur Schopenhauer argued that comedy stems from a sense of incongruity.Herbert Spencer and Sigmund Freud suggested comedians give relief from nervous energy and repressed emotions.
Title: Humour and respect Content: Everyone who ever had to explain their own joke knows that comedy cannot survive analysis. Once you take humour apart, it loses its effect and dies in the process.Henri Bergson published his essay on laughter in 1900. He believed that laughter should be studied as 'a living thing' and treated with 'the respect due to life.'
Title: Conditions for laughter to thrive Content: Henri Bergson's general observations related to when laughter is most likely to appear and thrive:The comic is strictly human. When laughter is directed at non-humans, we may laugh, but only because we have detected some human attitude or expression.Laughter has no greater foe than emotion. Emotional states like pity, melancholy, rage, etc. make it difficult for us to find humour in the things we might otherwise have laughed at. But humour also appears to serve as a coping mechanism in the face of tragedy or misfortune.Laughter seems to require an echo. It is used in the context of social bonding.
Title: Comic captures a lack of adaptability Content: Social life requires a delicate adjustment of the will and a constant corresponding adaptation between members of a group.In general, we laugh at people who are either too eccentric or too inflexible to allow for society to evolve and better itself. At the source of the comical are expressions that laughter seeks to correct.
Title: Why we notice the comical Content: Life never repeats itself. Therefore, when there is repetition or complete similarity, we always suspect some mechanism and are potentially witnessing the comical.The comedic value of body-centered humour such as toilet humour and sexual innuendo lies in the fact that our attention is suddenly interrupted from the soul to the body.Much of the word-based humour consists of taking words and phrases literally that we would generally use figuratively. Laughter awakens us to the rigidity of certain personality traits or behaviours, and in doing so, discourages us from becoming too settled in our own ways.