Personal Development,Health,Habits,Problem Solving,Mindfulness
Title: Put things into a wider perspective Content: When you are thinking and thinking about something ask yourself: Will this matter in 5 years? Or even in 5 weeks?It allows you tostop thinking about something and to focus your time and energy on something else that actually does matter to you.
Title: Set short time-limits for decisions Content: For small decisions like if you should go and do the dishes, respond to an email or work out, give myself 30 seconds or less to make a decision.For somewhat larger decisions that would take you days or weeks to think through in general, use a deadline for 30 minutes or for the end of the workday.
Title: Stop setting your day up for stress  Content: Get a good start, that will set the tone for your day. (read or work-out and then start with the most important task of the day).Single-task and take regular breaks.This will help you to keep a sharp focus during your day and to get what’s most important done while also allowing you to rest.Minimize your daily input, especially from social media consumption. It will clutter your mind as the day progresses.
Title: Become a person of action Content: When you know how to get started with taking action consistently each day then you’ll procrastinate less by overthinking.Set deadlines and a good tone for the day.Take small steps forward and only focus on getting one small step done at a time.
Title: You cannot control everything Content: Trying to do so simply doesn’t work because no one can see all possible scenarios in advance.Trying to think things through 50 times can be a way to try to control everything. To cover every eventuality so you don't risk making a mistake, fail or looking like a fool.
Title: Don't get lost in vague fears Content: Ask yourself: "What is the worst than can happen?".You will find that the worst that could realistically happen is usually something that is not as scary as what your mind running wild with vague fear could produce.
Title: Get plenty of good quality sleep Content: When you haven’t slept enough then you become more vulnerable.Vulnerable to worrying and pessimism. To not thinking as clearly as you usually do.