Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Act as If You Are In Total Control Content: Most successful people do feel good luck played some role in their success. But they don't wait for it or worry about bad luck. They act as if success or failure is totally within their control.By not wasting mental energy worrying about what might happen to you, you can put all your effort into making things happen.
Title: Ignore What You Can’t Influence Content: Mental strength isn’t an unlimited resource, don’t waste it on things you can’t control.Do what you can. Be your own change--but don't try to make everyone else change.
Title: See The Past as Training Content: Learn from your mistakes, and those from others too, but let them go. The past is just training; it doesn't define you.When something bad happens, see it as an opportunity to learn something you didn't know. When another person makes a mistake, learn from it and see it as an opportunity to be kind, forgiving, and understanding.
Title: Celebrate The Success Of Others Content: Some think the success of others diminishes their own. But resentment sucks up a massive amount of mental energy--energy better applied elsewhere.Don't resent awesomeness. Create and celebrate awesomeness, wherever you find it, and in time you'll find even more of it in yourself.
Title: Don’t Whine, Complain Or Criticize Content: Whining about your problems always makes you feel worse. So if something is wrong, put the energy you would waste complaining into making the situation better.Don't talk about what's wrong. Talk about how you'll make things better, even if that conversation is only with yourself.
Title: Focus Only On Impressing Yourself Content: People may like your things, but that doesn't mean they like you. A relationship not based on substance is not a real relationship.Genuine relationships make you happier and leave you more mental energy to spend on those who really matter in your life. But they can only be established when you stop trying to impress and start being yourself. 
Title: Count Your Blessings Content: Take a second every night before you turn out the light and, instead of worrying about what you don’t have, think about what you do have.You have a lot to be thankful for. Feeling better about yourself is the best way of all to recharge your mental batteries.