Habits,Productivity,Mindfulness,Problem Solving,Meditation
Title: Regret of Relapse Content: So you just relapsed! Sitting in your room, scratching your head out of frustration and disappointment. You are putting all the efforts but still not getting the desired results. And this is not the first time you have relapsed. You probably have relapsed multiple times throughout your NoFap journey. And like every other time, you tell yourself – This is going to be the last time I’m relapsing!so how to get rid of this and how to get rid of this addiction and how to stop the cycle of again and again....
Title: What is considered as a No-Fap Relapse? Content: No-Fap is a big community consisting of millions of guys (and some girls). So there are plenty of opinions on what is considered as relapse and what is not. For some people, watching porn is considered as relapse while for some only masturbation. But in my opinion, even watching porn is too dangerous and it can definitely cause a relapse. But in theory, it’s not considered a relapse. Relapse is when you completely return your old bad habit of PMO. So when you intentionally watch porn, then masturbate and do orgasm, it is considered as a relapse. 
Title: How NoFap flatline can lead you to relapse? Content: Flatline is a period of NoFap when you will have extremely low or non-existent libido. This usually happens between day 20-40 and depends upon how much you were addicted to porn. Most of the guys get scared during this period thinking that their libido is permanently gone. So to test themselves, they try to watch porn to see if they can get hard. And that’s when they end up relapsing. But in reality, it’s not something you should be worried about. It’s a completely normal process. It’s just a sign that your brain is healing from excessive use of pornography and sexual simulation. You have to be very conscious and need to engage your time wisely during this period. 
Title: What is a Binge Relapse? Content: Binge relapse is when you relapse multiple times throughout the day for weeks or even months. This is like a loop of relapses that can last for a long time. You keep relapsing during this period without any limitation and self-awareness. Binge relapse is the most dangerous among all relapses. It literally destroys all your NoFap progress. So basically when you relapse, there a high tendency to relapse again. Because it re-opens the old addictive pathways which are extremely porn addictive. So these pathways can make you more addicted to PMO and force you to do it repetitively. 
Title: How far back does a Relapse put you? Content: When you used to watch porn, your brain was bombarded with heavy hits of dopamine and stimulations. Now that you have stopped watching porn and gave up all those simulations, your brain is healing itself. And to be honest, your brain needs a good amount of time to heal itself. So any sexual stimulation would affect the healing process and may delay the reboot. That’s why you are recommended to completely abstain from all sorts of sexual activities for the first 90 days. Any sexual stimulation can re-opens the old addictive pathways. That makes you more addicted to porn and requires a lot of time to heal. 
Title: What about Wet dreams during NoFap? Content: This is probably the most asked question across the NoFap community. Most guys believe that a wet dream is considered as a NoFap relapse. And they think that it hurts their NoFap progress. But the truth is – Wet dream is not considered as a NoFap relapse and it doesn’t hurt your NoFap progress in any given way. It’s supernormal and even I’ve had a lot of wet dreams during my NoFap strikes. It usually happens when you abstain from PMO and also fades away with time. Before starting NoFap, your body used to create a lot of semen all the time since you were excessively ejaculating. Now that you stopped ejaculating, a lot of semen in been saved and stored. 
Title: How not to relapse during nofap journey Content: 1. Stop thinking about itOne of the worst things to do after a relapse is to constantly think about it and blame yourself. It’s just not going to get you anywhere. The more you blame yourself, the more you will increase the chances of a binge relapse. So there’s is no logical reason to think about it and try to demotivate yourself. Unfortunately, a lot of people feel guilty, ashamed and lost after a relapse. This is what loses their faith from NoFap and they struggle to get back on track. And they basically get into a binge relapse. But in reality, relapse is not something to feel guilty about or feel ashamed of. 
Title: 2. Identify and Eliminate your triggers Content: Triggers are basically thoughts, actions, places and even apps that generate the feeling of lust. Then that lust starts to begin things in your brain and you eventually find yourself beating your meat. Triggers are powerful enough to control your mind and force you to break your strike. The only way to avoid them is to identify and eliminate them. So think about the things that get you triggered. Things that generate lust and make you watch porn. And things that remind you about PMO. For me, Instagram is one of my biggest triggers. Whenever I see those hot girls on Instagram, I get triggered. And then get into the process of relapsing.  
Title: 3. Write down why you started NoFap Content: NoFap gives you a bunch of benefits whether that be increased motivation, increased confidence, increased self-esteem, increased testosterone level, increased mental clarity and many more. So there can be millions of reasons to start NoFap. And it can be anything from improving your life to accomplishing your goals. And to be honest, we all have some sort of reason to start NoFap. That’s what you need to identify. Start asking yourself questions like why am I doing NoFap in the first place? what made me join the NoFap movement? or what I want to accomplish in life?  
Title: 4. Get up and do something else Content: We are humans. We have the ability to control our thoughts and actions. We can divert our mind from negative thoughts and shift them towards positive ones. So the moment you feel that urge, you need to GET UP and start doing something else. You just have to leave the place where you got that urge and start doing something rather than just lusting. You can start running outside the house, you can start exercising, eating food or anything that distracts your mind from the thought of porn. It works like this: Whenever you get an urge just count to 3 and walk of from that area.
Title: 5. Make it harder to relapse Content: One of the proven ways to eliminate a problem is to make it harder to achieve. And that works best in any given situation. You need to make a relapse so much harder, that achieving it becomes nearly impossible. You can to that in a lot of ways. One of the best ways to do that is by completely blocking porn on all your devices. You can do that using a screen accountability software. ﻿
Title: 6. Take Cold Showers Content: This is the best thing you can do whenever you feel that extreme urge to watch porn and masturbate. It’s amazingly powerful enough to take you out of that feeling of watching porn and prevent a relapse. Cold showers have been there for ages. It’s an ancient remedy that people mainly used to make themselves alert and get out of their comfort zone. And it’s not just for that. It has tons of benefits like it increases testosterone level, improves fertility, improves skin, builds strong will power and many more. So the rule is simple. Whenever you feel that extreme urge of watching porn, relapsing or maybe feeling like quitting, just go to your bathroom and take a cold shower. 