Personal Development,Communication
Title: Have enough sleep Content: Sleep deprivation causes us to be foggy-headed and unable to make good decisions in the short term. And in the long run, it has a slew of bad effects on our health.Sleeping enough keeps us in a good mood and keeps our spirits high.
Title: Exercise Content: Exercise gives us a rush of endorphins and gives a boost to our good mood.Pull out your yoga mat, tie up your running shoes or pump some iron—whatever works for you and feels good for your body.
Title: Drink enough water Content: Avoid getting dehydrated, especially when you drink a lot of coffee in the office.Bring a big mug and fill it at the water fountain, or bring a few big bottles of water with you to the office. Sip throughout the day, and you might notice you get fewer headaches!
Title: Keep a diary Content: Learn from your experiences in life by analyzing them in a diary. Use your journal as a place where you can dump whatever is going on in your mind.As nobody reads your diary, writing everything down can have the same effect as pouring out your heart to a therapist.
Title: Eat fruit and vegetables Content: It will keep your body healthy.Fried fast foods can make you feel heavy and sunken into the ground, whereas fruits and vegetables make you feel energized and can contribute to a good mood.
Title: Love Content: Love is essential to humanity. Infuse your actions with love, and you will increase your vibrations and mood.
Title: Be thankful Content: You can keep a gratitude list in your diary, so that you focus on the positive events in your life.By highlighting the things you feel grateful for in your everyday life, you will realize what you love about your life, be able to reinforce it and keep pumping up your mood.
Title: Keep variety in your life Content: Try out something new every weekend. Visit places and neighborhoods in your city where you’ve never been to before. Cook up a dish you have never eaten, maybe from a country you have never visited.The possibilities are endless, and they will all bring a smile to your face and boost your mood.
Title: Wear the clothes you love Content: Dress to look and be your best self.Whenever you see yourself in the window or mirror, you’ll notice the effort you made in the morning, and you’ll instantly lift your mood.
Title: Use essential oils that you enjoy Content: Take a little bottle with a mixture of your favorite essential oils dissolved in some sweet almond oil and demineralized water wherever you go, and spray this mixture on your wristswhenever you need a little pick-me-up.Use a burner in your house to diffuse a scent you love, and pump your mood.
Title: Disconnect from the internet Content: It’s so easy to get sucked into the internet for hours on end—even cutting into sleep time—but it can leave us drained and feeling worn out.Use a curfew time in the evening, and do something truly nourishing and relaxing afterward.
Title: Learn something new every day Content: Just like your body needs wholesome food to be fueled, your brain needs continued challenges to keep on evolving.Make sure you learn something new every day. Start learning a new language, watch inspiring TED talks, solve a riddle—just make sure you use your brain every day.