Personal Development
Title: Rich habits.  Content: Some of the differences between rich and poor are obvious, while others are a little more surprising. Here are the most important Rich Habits you can take up to reach and maintain your wealth potential.
Title: Habits matter Content: Intelligence, talent and charm are great, but more often than not these aren’t what separate the wealthiest from the poorest.Instead, the differences are in our daily habits. Do you realize that these subconscious, second-nature activities make up 40 percent of our waking hours? This means that 2 minutes in every 5 minutes, we operate on auto-pilot. However, there are some rich habits that we can develop and get out of the auto-pilot zone.
Title: Read every day Content: Among wealthy people, 88 percent read 30 minutes or more every day. Just as important, they make good use of their reading time:63 percent listen to audiobooks during their commute.79 percent read educational career-related material.58 percent read biographies of successful people.94 percent read current events.51 percent read about history.11 percent—only 11 percent—read purely for entertainment purposes.
Title: Control your emotions. Content: Not every thought needs to come out of your mouth. Not every emotion needs to be expressed. When you say whatever is on your mind, you risk hurting others. Loose lips are a habit for 69 percent of those who struggle financially. Conversely, 94 percent of wealthy people filter their emotions. They understand that letting emotions control them can destroy relationships at work and at home. Wait to say what’s on your mind until you’re calm and have had time to look at the situation objectively.
Title: Network and volunteer regularly. Content: Whether you fear change, making mistakes, taking risks or simply failure, conquering these emotions is about leaning in just a little until you build up confidence .You’ll build valuable relationships that can result in more customers or clients, or help you land a better job if you spend time pressing the flesh and giving back in your community. Almost three-quarters of wealthy people network and volunteer a minimum of five hours a month.
Title: Talk less and listen more. Content: A 5-to-1 ratio is about right: You should listen to others five minutes for every one minute that you speak. Wealthy people are good communicators because they are good listeners. They understand that you can learn and educate yourself only by listening to what other people have to say. The more you learn about your relationships , the more you can help them.
Title: Keep a Mentor. Content: Among the wealthy, 93 percent who had a mentor attributed their success to that person. Mentors regularly and actively participate in your growth by teaching you what to do and what not to do. Finding such a teacher is one of the best and least painful ways to become rich.If you know your goals, find someone who has already achieved them. You’ll be amazed by how many people want to lend a helping hand.