Communication,Teamwork,Career
Title: Let People Talk First Content: Let others to talk about themselves first. Then, you’ll be able to sell yourself more naturally.If they are interested in what you have to offer, you can naturally transition into a pitch that interests them. A lot of times, a person will self-identify a need right after you talk about what you do.
Title: Ask Good Questions That Show You’re Engaged Content: Ask at least one question before changing topic to show you’re engaged. Gathering details makes it more likely that you’ll be able to establish a connection with the other person or find a way you can lend a hand.
Title: Prepare For A Conversation Without Being Creepy Content: Take a look at the person’s LinkedIn or Twitter account to get an idea of his tone, interests, etc. You’re always at an advantage when you know more about a person. It will be easier to relate to him and you might avoid awkward conversations.
Title: Try To Genuinely Relate Content: Don’t force the conversation. Try to hit on something the other person is passionate about that you’re also interested in. That way, the rapport is genuine and the person is more open to talking in-depth about the subject.
Title: Don’t Waste People’s Time Content: Most people appreciate it when you value their time. Sometimes, you can have a more meaningful conversation in 15 minutes than you can in an hour. What’s important to cover is how you can help each other out. Be genuine about delivering value and cut to the chase early.
Title: Let People Talk First Content: Let others to talk about themselves first. Then, you’ll be able to sell yourself more naturally.If they are interested in what you have to offer, you can naturally transition into a pitch that interests them. A lot of times, a person will self-identify a need right after you talk about what you do.
Title: Ask How You Can Add Value Content: No one knows better than themselves what they value. You’ll be surprised how many opportunities come up to connect people when you know what they actually prioritize.
Title: Decrease Personal Barriers Content: Most people like real conversations that don’t force them to act like people they aren’t. If you see an opportunity to joke around or personalize a conversation, take it — even if it’s early. It will decrease barriers from the start, and the shift will enable you to have a better conversation.
Title: Hold Back On Sharing How Awesome You Are Content: The most awesome people don’t have to pitch everyone on how awesome they are. People will naturally think you’re awesome as the conversation develops.