Personal Development,Time Management,Habits,Problem Solving
Title: Setting and Achieving Your Goals Content: Step #1: Take Your Emotional Temperature, around the most important areas of your life.Step #2: The Neurology of Ownership:When we take ownership of something–an item, an idea or a goal–we are more committed to it.Step #3: Outcome + Process:Most people set an intention or an ideal outcome and try working toward it, but that gets you only halfway there. You have to pick an outcome and a process.Step #4: Identify Blockers:When we first set our goals we are super optimistic and filled with hope–and that’s great. One thing that happens, however, is we fail to identify possible blockers. 
Title: The “endowment effect” Content: It happens when we take ownership of something and it becomes “ours,” thereby integrating it into our sense of identity.When we take ownership of something–an item, an idea or a goal–we are more committed to it
Title: Not all goals are created equal: Content: Merely fantasizing about your goal is de-motivating– it actually tricks the brain into thinking you already have achieved it.Goals that aren’t set up properly can end up having the opposite effect.
Title: #1. Find Your Emotional Temperature Content: Rate these areas of your life on a scale from 1 to 5and plot it on your Goal Wheel.(1 being extremely dissatisfied, 5 being extremely satisfied) Business: How do you feel about your work, career or business effectiveness and success?Friends: How is your social life? Your friendships and support system?Family: How are your personal relationships? Your partner or spouse?Personal Passions: Do you have personal passion projects, hobbies, or fun activities that fulfil you?Spiritual: You can interpret this one any way you like. It could be your faith, mental health, personal journeys or mindset.Health: Are you happy with your physical health and wellness?
Title: #2. The Neurology of Ownership Content: When we take ownership of something, we work to keep it.This step is about owning your intention. Look at your Goal Wheel and set an intention for that area.For example:Business: Level up my business efforts so I can reach and help more people.Friends: Set aside time to support.Family: Dedicate real family time more often.Personal Passions: Learn how to paint and spend more time reading.Spiritual: Start meditating to create mental space and slow down at the end of a workday.Health: Get more toned and increase my endurance.
Title: #3: Outcome + Process Content: Outcome: The ideal result, hopeful conclusion, best end for your goal.Process: The skills you need, the method required to get you there.Write down the skills, process or methods you need to achieve the outcomes in Step #2For example:Business: Level up my business efforts so I can reach and help more people.Hire a marketing agency.Friends: Set aside time to support and reach out to friends more regularly.Join an exercise class with friends. Plan a weekend getaway.
Title: #4: Identify Blockers Content: Answer these questions truthfully in your Goal Worksheet:What logistical constraints might make it difficult for you to achieve your goals?What behaviours might make it difficult for you to achieve your goals?Who might make it difficult for you to achieve your goals?When you know what our blockers are, you can work to plan around them.