Personal Development,Habits,Productivity
Title: Move Past Regret Content: Dwelling in regret and despair over the past mistakes and failures isn’t productive.Use the same energy to realize and move forward with your dreams. Use your limited brain cycles wisely. Forgive yourself.
Title: The Stigma Of Failure Content: Don’t let failure ruin your self-esteem, or stop you from achieving your goals. Initial setbacks and mistakes are natural and instructive.Almost every great person has experienced failure before achieving extraordinary success.
Title: Our competitive Advantage Content: We all are unique and have tremendous value.  It’s always good to understand and embrace your individuality, instead of curbing it for fitting in the status quo. Our differences are often our competitive advantages.
Title: Plan To Win Content: Many of us skip the ‘planning’ stage in dealing with our finances, careers, health and relationships.We need to chart out a plan by being specific about what our lives should look like in three years and what steps are needed to achieve that. A course of action is imperative.
Title: Sticking To Our Priorities Content: Often we think of doing so many things but are unable to achieve anything in the attempt to do more than our bandwidth.We need to focus on a few things and do them well. This requires sacrificing low-priority stuff.
Title: Start Small Content: Small steps lead to big achievements. A single step done daily to achieve your goal goes a long way.Often we also need to tweak our plans and that’s fine as long as we are steadily moving in the right direction.
Title: Limit The Preparation Time Content: Often in our quest to be perfect, we stay in the ‘preparation’ phase for longer than it is beneficial. Don’t use preparation as a form of procrastination.
Title: Setting An Audacious Goal  Content: ... is great, but it also comes with a long, arduous journey, where you constantly toil and risk burnout.If your goal is so big that it requires miracles, you need to stretch yourself and not let your motivation wane. Understand that these ‘stretch’ goals are designed to keep you out of your comfort zone.
Title: The Influence Of Your Entourage Content: Networking with achievers takes you out of your comfort zone, fast. Being with people better than you provides you with an urgency to rise to the next level. You should be in situations that stretch you, not make you doze off.
Title: Don’t Do Everything Yourself Content:  Learn to delegate work that is not your core competency and you will reap the opportunity cost of doing things that make the best use of your time. It also helps you focus on your main task.
Title: Record And Celebrate Content: Keep recording your progress while celebrating when a milestone is achieved, making sure you don't forget them. It sends a signal to your mind about your being on the path towards big success.If we value our journey, we need to celebrate the small accomplishments in the way.