Problem Solving,Personal Development,Leadership & Management,Product & Design
Title: Decisions Using Our Instinct Content: Business leaders often make important decisions that defy any logical analysis. This process may be termed as a gut instinct, a hunch, or an inner voice.Our emotions and feelings may be an essential component of a good decision, which is often neglected in the calculative methods usually deployed to solve complex problems.
Title: Patterns In Randomness Content: Our gut instinct or intuition can come in many forms, like detecting patterns in places where other people only see randomness or having a sudden flash of brilliance which goes against the grain but feels right.Gathering enough data to make a rational decision also takes up a lot of time, and in today's fast-paced world, by the time one procures all data, the decision becomes antiquated.
Title: Subconscious And Conscious Brain Content: Our subconsious mind continuously processes information, even when we sleep, which our conscious mind finally learns or infers, lighting a bulb inside us.We know the gut feeling is true because our 'right brain'(intuition and emotion-based) already knew the revelation that our left brain (logic and consciousness-based) now has come to know.
Title: Mind And Body Are One Content: Our brains are connected to our body parts through the nervous system, hormones, neurotransmitters and modulators, and our mind maybe this entire mind-body system, and not isolated to our head.Our emotions play a strong role in our making quick decisions from the 'gut'. This helps police officers, doctors and teachers make certain decisions about their subject which are not visible otherwise.
Title: Cross-Indexing Content: Cross-indexing is an ability to see similar designs in otherwise disparate fields or domains. The brain can figure out invisible connections and patterns from completely different disciplines.People with varied and diverse backgrounds can learn faster and recognize more patterns, making them come up with new insights faster than those with a specialization in one field.
Title: Self-Awareness Content: Self-awareness and self-reflection are powerful habits to keep us grounded and revisit your decisions, cultivating and growing your understanding of the world. It is essential to be aware that your decisions may not always be right, and be open to feedback.