Personal Development,Problem Solving,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Learn From Failure Content: Scientists treat failure as a data point. It’s also how they treat positive results. Data points eventually lead to an answer. Treat your failures as data points that steer you toward the correct answers.
Title: The Goal Is A Creative Solution Content: In order to solve a problem, you have to be able to stand back, observe it and define it.The next step is to then rephrase it to make it easier to solve. For example, don’t ask yourself how to increase your productivity; instead ask how you can make your job easier.Once you’re able to change your way of addressingthe problem, you’re going to be more likely to find a creative solution.
Title: Challenge Assumptions Content: Assumption = something that is taken for granted. Scientists like to challenge conventional thoughts and turn those ideas upside down. They do it by experimenting with the assumption and then testing it to see if the results prove it to be true. Do the same thing with your basic assumptions about your work or personal life.
Title: Eliminate Bias Content: If you have an idea for a solution, and you want to test it first, you must figure out a way that eliminates any bias you have toward that solutionbefore you can get any true results.
Title: Constantly Ask Questions Content: Like a curious child or scientist, you have to continue asking questions yourself if you want to keep learning. It’s impossible to know what answers your looking for until you know what questions to ask.
Title: Collaborate With Others Content: Collaboration is the practice whereby individuals work together as a group with a common purpose to achieve a shared goal.Collaboration is how ideas are bounced off of other minds for feedback and suggestions.
Title: Communicate Your Results Content: Scientists often find solutions after knowing the findings of other scientists’ experiments. In business, by sharing your results with your colleagues, you are helping to better your organization because others can use that information to improve their results.