Personal Development,Habits,Time Management,Mental Health
Title: Lacking motivation Content: You could actually be burned out. This type of burnout usually indicates that you are in an environment that leaves you feeling drained and unsupported.Examine your external environment: What situations and people are draining you? Do you feel supported?
Title: Procrastinating too much Content: Procrastination is a symptom, much like a fever or headache, and it usually boils down to one thing: fear.What is your procrastination a symptom of? What are you afraid of?
Title: Not having time Content: To say ‘I don’t have time’ is like saying, ‘I don’t want to.'Perhaps the real issue is that you don’t really want to change.What parts of your current situation do you like, and how are they affecting your desire to move forward?
Title: Lack of resources Content: Focusing on external resources, like money, credentials, and skills, is a tactic we use to give ourselves permission to remain stuck.Lasting change starts internally, with things like energy, willpower, clarity, and passion; and as your internal resources start to grow, your external resources will naturally start to grow as well.
Title: It’s too late to change Content: Focusing on some arbitrary time and date by which you’re supposed to have accomplished X, Y, and Z.Who created this timeline by which you’re supposed to live your life anyway?What do you really want to change in your life, and what baby steps can you take in that direction?
Title: Too many responsibilities Content: If you feel like you have so many responsibilities that you can’t manage to carve out time to start changing your life, then chances are your “responsibilities” have become an excuse for not taking care of yourself.
Title: Having no clue who you are Content: If you feel like you don’t know who you are, then chances are you’ve been neglecting yourself for a very long time.What do you want in life? Where do you want to see yourself in 6 months? A year? What are your values and goals?
Title: Having no clue where to start Content: Not knowing where to start can either be liberating or completely overwhelming. But it’s usually just an excuse.If there is no clear place to start, then there is no wrong place to start.Start somewhere—anywhere. When it comes to making changes in your life, all you need to do is “Smile, breathe, and go slowly.”