Health,Personal Development,Habits
Title: The internal clock Content: All individuals possess what is called 'an internal clock', which has as main purpose to schedule sleep and wakefulness within one entire day of 24 hours. Now comes the difference in regards to how the 'clock' works for each person: there are people who wake up earlier and go to bed earlier as well - for them the cycle is shorter and there are also people who, on the other hand wake up later and go to sleep later. It all depends, in fact, on what is known as 'zeitgebers', which translates by external signals necessary in order to synchronize the 'clock'.
Title: Get enough sleep in unusual times Content: Whenever we undergo a change in our daily schedule, our sleep tends to suffer a bit. Simple facts such as not waking up and going to bed at the usual hour, not getting enough natural light or making less to no exercise can lead to sleep disorders.
Title: Save your sleep Content: Especially during times of staying only in the house, one needs to make sure that the regular schedule is not too much disturbed, as this can lead, among other issues, to sleep disorders. A good way to get your normal sleep is by maintaining a regular wake-up and bedtime, even through unusual periods of time. Furthermore, ensuring that your room gets enough natural light, or even better, that you get it, will definitely help. Among other helpful tips there are the fact of giving up on coffee or making as many indoor physical exercises as possible.
Title: The necessity to get a good sleep Content: There are times, in our life, when we have sleep difficulties for one reason or another. In order to 'repair' your sleeping disorder, you might want to try whether waking up 15 minutes earlier every couple of days or, on the contrary, going to bed later by two to three hours. However, remember that the most important is to respect and, if possible, give priority to your body preferences. Of course, provided that your working schedule will not be affected.