Personal Development,Time Management,Career,Money & Investments
Title: Have a Good Reason Content: You need a good reason for your time off.It could be doing something on your bucket list, like volunteering or teaching, or doing a crash course in a new skill.
Title: Question Yourself Content: Running off to treat your workplace burnout might not be the best solution. Ask yourself first if your work is fulfilling. If not, it is better to try and find something else first, then take some time off before you start a new position.
Title: Check Your Company Policy Content: Before you plan a sabbatical, check with your HR department to see what the policy is regarding extended breaks.Many organizations allow workers a certain amount of unpaid leave.
Title: Get Advice from Your Peers Content: Get advice from your peers who have been in a similar position. Find out how to be prepared for a sabbatical and if they think it was a wise choice.
Title: Set a Date Content: It is probably a good idea to set a date in advance to ensure both youremployer and yourself have enough time to plan.
Title: Finances Content: Make sure your finances are in order before you take the plunge.You could also think about raising money or cutting your expenses. Many people work part-time or take on freelance jobs while on sabbatical to supplement their financial situation.
Title: Develop Your Pitch Content: Most bosses will be skeptical about losing a valued team member for a large period of time.Mention that taking a sabbatical could positively affect your career. You could also suggest hiring a trainee to cover your duties.
Title: Give Plenty of Notice Content: Most contracts require a year's noticefor a sabbatical.Be sure to speak to your employer as soon as possible.
Title: Create a Road Map Content: Create a plan on what you will be doing on your career break so your goals are more visible.
Title: Plan Your Exit Strategy Content: Plan your leave well in advance. Create a guidewith instructions for your replacement (if there is one) or a detailed brief on your ongoing projects for your colleagues.
Title: Keep in Touch Content: While on our sabbatical, keep in touch with your workplace. Offer to help out with anything if they need you to. Make sure you stay visible. Arrange a hand-back-tomeeting before you go.You could even keep them up to date with your experiences while you're traveling.
Title: Document Your Journey Content: It will be a way of keeping in touch with your friends and family and allow you to put in context what you’ve achieved over your time off from work.Consider writing a personal diary, blog,or posting on your social media pages.
Title: Keep Your Skills Updated Content: Research shows than half of the hiring managers surveyed say the most important thing they look at when hiring candidates is how they kept their skills updated during a career break.