Personal Development,Reading & Writing,Time Management,Habits,Health
Title: Wanting to control everything Content: By procrastinating, you hold the most control over whatever task you’re working on. However, this also means, obviously, that that particular task isn’t being done.
Title: Seeing a task as one big project Content: Almost everything we do can be broken down into little manageable parts.Take, for instance, the laundry. If the laundry seems like a daunting task to you, break it down into steps. Collect all your dirty clothes. Separate colors and whites. Put your clothes on a wash cycle. Put them in the dryer. Fold them.
Title: Being a perfectionist Content: It can be tempting to put things off or delay completing tasks simply because you’re worried about the outcome being less than perfect.Just remember that it’s okay if things don’t turn out exactly how you had them in your head.
Title: Worried about failing Content: You cannot fail at something when you don’t do it at all. Facing your fear of failure will help you eventually overcome that fear, or learn to manage it.So next time you think about putting something off simply to avoid a potential failure, tackle it head-on. You’ll grow as a person from the experience.
Title: Not having self-control Content: There are definitely varying levels of self-control. However, there is a point in which your self-control can get in the way of productivity.Procrastinating comes easier to people who naturally do not have the discipline to complete tasks in a timely and organized manner.
Title: Not making lists Content: If you put something off and then forget to write down that you need to do it later, it’s possible that you could entirely forget about the first task.If you’re a forgetful person, make a to-do list with all your tasks on it, and only cross them off when they’re 100% completed.
Title: Underestimating time commitments Content: It can be discouraging when a project takes you two weeks to complete when you thought it would take one.If you consistently estimate time commitments incorrectly, it might be causing you to procrastinate more than you would otherwise.
Title: Barely getting by Content: Procrastinating a task does not always equate to worse work. Some people work very well under pressure and can produce very good work.Eventually, there will come a time when procrastinating doesn’t go so well. Be mindful of the quality of your work and make sure your last-minute rush doesn’t show.
Title: Being lazy Content: It’s totally okay for you to sometimes lounge around and watch TV rather than mow the lawn. Just don’t let that behavior become habitual.