Health,Food,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Nutrition advice Content: From all the dietary information from wellness influencers, only one in 12 recommendations is nutritionally sound.The easiest way to sift through the bad advice is to find a certified expert.
Title: Look for the Letters Content: There is no certification required to call yourself a nutritionist.A registered dietician requires a bachelor's degree at an accredited university. A licensed dietitian will have RD, RDN, LD, LDN, or CDN after their name, depending on the state they live in.Holistic nutritionists do a six-month training course.Functional-nutrition practitioners do and 80-hour training course.Intuitive health coaches do a 200-hour training courseSome well-educated experts have not followed the typical career pathway.
Title: The Athlete Content: If you're training at a high volume, consulting with an RD who doesn't have a sports background is not what you need as they might not understand the rigors of training for enduro races.A board-certified specialist in sports dietetics, which requires an additional 2,000 hours of sports-specific nutrition training, has the acronym CSSD.
Title: Have a goal in mind Content: When you're going to see a nutritionist, you should have a goal in mind, whether that's gaining strength or losing weight.Once you've picked a nutritionist who seems aligned with your goals, write a list of your questions and what you hope to achieve beforehand.Keep a food log, or snap pictures of everything you eat, ahead of your appointment to ensure your dietitian can get a good view of your eating habits.
Title: Watch for Red Flags Content: ...at the first appointment with a nutritionist.The eliminator: Telling you that you may never eat something. It can trigger a disordered relationship with food and is not rooted in science.The pill popper: Be careful of anyone selling a product in addition to following their plan. The best way to get nutrients is through a varied, whole-food-based diet.The one-size-fits-all: Be aware of someone who likes only one style of eating, like vegan or keto. A good nutritionist will be well versed in a wide array of diet patterns.The therapist: If a dietician thinks you need extra help, they should be recommending another expert, not overstep boundaries.
Title: A successful first visit Content: A good nutritionist will go through your current diet, discuss nutrition basics, and work together to set realistic goals.You should be able to get answers to your specific questions and a rough action plan. Expect to book a follow-up.