Personal Development,Productivity,Habits,Time Management,Health
Title: The Six Dimensions of Wellness Model Content: The six dimensions of the model include:Occupational: your entire career path, your fulfillment with work, your future goals and ambitions, and your responsibility for performance and growth.Physical: how you care for your body through nutrition, physical activity, medical care, and other nourishing activities.Social: relationships with family, friends, peers, coworkers and communities.Intellectual:learning, growing, problem-solving and expanding your mind.Spiritual:a sense of meaning and purpose.Emotional: your ability to be aware of and accept your feelings, how you respond to stress and your challenging emotions.It helps you achieve your full potential, recognize your whole self, and build upon your strengths.
Title: Build on your strengths Content: Using a pen and paper, work through the following exercises.Consider each area of your life over the past year (occupational, physical, social, intellectual, spiritual, and emotional). What are you most proud of in each area?Choose three areas where you spend the most energy on.
Title: Decide what to change Content: Which three areas did you give the least amount of time to? Consider how you want to invest in those areas this year and write it down.Is there anything you planned that you did not get to do last year? Jot it down.
Title: Make a plan Content: Write down one way you'd like to invest in each of the dimensions this year.Write down one to two actions you can take in each area. Describe what you'll do and when you'll do it. Add the action to your calendar as a reminder.
Title: Reflect  Content: Keep your plan where you can read it regularly, like on your wall or a note on your phone.Make time to look at your plan every week. It should serve as a reminder of how you want to invest in yourself.
Title: Pausing to Go Forward Content: Pause a moment and consider how you want to move forward. Thrusting yourself forward might lead to crashing and burning.Instead of pushing forward, check in with yourself and realign your path with your new priorities.