Exercise & Fitnesss,Food,Health,longevity
Title: Anabolism Content: Anabolismis a succession of chemical reactions that build molecules from smaller components and usually require energy. Anabolism allows the body to grow new cells and maintain all the tissues.
Title: Catabolism Content: Catabolism is a series of chemical reactions that break down complex molecules into smaller units and usually release energy. Catabolism provides the energy our bodies need for all its activities.
Title: Body Weight Content: It's a result of the amount of energy we release into our bodies (catabolism) minus the amount of energy our bodies use up (anabolism). The excess energy is stored either as fat or glycogen in the muscles and liver, with fat being the most caloric dense of the two.Although becoming overweight is a result of the body storing excess energy as fat, sometimes, hormonal problems or an underlying medical condition may affect metabolism.
Title: Factors Influencing Caloric Requirements Content: A largerbody mass requires more calories. For people of the same weight, the one with a highermuscle to fat ratio will have higher caloric needs.The progress ofage leads to reductions in muscle mass, testosterone/estrogen production, physical activity.An average man burns more calories than an average woman of the same age and weight, due to men having a higher muscle to fat ratios.
Title: Metabolism Content: It refers to the biochemical processes that occur within living organisms to maintain life. These processes allow us to grow, reproduce, repair damage, and respond to our environment.When people use the word "metabolism" they are often referring to catabolism and anabolism. People's body weight is a result of catabolism minus anabolism.
Title: Metabolic Rate And Weight Content: It is a common belief that slim people have a higher metabolism and overweight people have a slower metabolism. But, this is rarely the case.Overweight is in most cases a result of a lifestyle in which one group generally consumes more calories than they need. There isn’t much we can do to significantly change our resting metabolic rate, but long-term strategies, such as increasing muscle mass, may eventually have an effect.