Personal Development,Health,Love & Relationships,Communication
Title: Byproducts of Crises Content: During war times, the common man is least prepared for dealing with the drastic change of circumstances, displacement, loss of life of the self and loved ones, along with injury, loss of property and mental trauma.Social and financial distress, loss of morale, and death of innocents are the byproducts of war, the effects of which are felt on the common man for decades.
Title: Benefits Of A Crisis Content: During the peak of World War II, where it was expected that the citizens would go through hell, the opposite happened. People turned out to be more resilient, driven and motivated during the war. The looming threat of being dead at any time turned out to be beneficial for the mental conditions and toughness for the individuals. Suicides lessened, and social unity and community bonding increased manifold.
Title: At Home With Adversity Content: We, as human beings are naturally adaptive to a disaster or crisis, and bad times are improving our morale and strengthening our community spirit.Groups of people collaborating, caring for and working with each other, hand in hand, are the ones who are most likely to live through any crisis.The necessary conditions that we need to flourish as individuals and as a species, ironically, emerge during bad times.
Title: Good Times Are Selfish And Isolated Content: Modern society robs us of togetherness and social bonding at a primal level, with safe and easy lives detaching us from our loved ones, as we don’t feel the need to show our love and care, or make any sacrifices. Along with that, having lots of money rarely makes one happy, as is seen with the rise of depression and suicides in the urban, affluent societies all across the world.
Title: The Good In The Bad Content: Paradoxically, in the times of disaster, when everything is breaking down, one’s mental health shows an improvement. A connection or bonding is formed due to everyone facing the same disaster. Situations requiring trust, co-dependence and sacrifice keep appearing for us to be able to survive, removing our disconnection with one another.This happens because the way to relate to one another changes, and self-interest is dissolved while group interest becomes of prime importance.
Title: Don’t Be Afraid Of Disaster Content: When disaster strikes, assume people are your allies and form a community, instead of staying in isolation, distrusting those around you.Organize on a community level, and come together, as it exponentially increases the odds of survival of all members.Do whatever volunteering and caring activities that are possible in the community, coming ahead selflessly and proactively.Banding together makes everyone develop stronger relationships, with the power of unity in full force.