Personal Development,Health,Motivation & Inspiration,Psychology
Title: Happy people are generous Content: They give freely.They spend money on experiences.They spend money to benefit others.They forgive (themselves and others).
Title: The conscious attitude of happy people Content: They don’t compare themselves to others.They practice gratitude.They are hopeful and optimistic.They practice mindfulness.They comfort themselves in hard times.They don’t overthink.They remember the positive.They try to be happy.They act happy.
Title: Having Things to Look Forward To Content: Happy people tend to live active and somewhat busy lives.They meet up with friends after work, go on a hiking trip with the family on the weekend, and play tennis every Wednesday morning with a friend.This busy lifestyle provides an unintended but powerful source of happiness: anticipation.
Title: Character Strengths Content: Each one of us has certain distinct character strengths. Some people are particularly courageous, others are very honest, empathic, loyal, intelligent, optimistic or integer.Research has found that using our biggest strengths – what they call ‘signature strengths’ – makes us incredibly happy and fulfilled.
Title: Happy People See Their Jobs as a Calling Content: A calling is to view your work with the belief that it contributes to something larger than yourself, to the greater good.
Title:  ‘The Paradox of Choice’ Content: More choices don’t equal more happiness, but less.Research in recent years has shown over and over again that an overabundance of possibilities to choose from can have terrible effects on our well-being, especially when combined with regret, adaptation, social comparison, and concern about status.
Title: Happy people vs. miserable people Content: Happy people engage in more happiness-boosting habits while unhappy people engage in more misery-inducing habits.You can choose which habits to cultivate in your life. If you want to be happier, simply install more happiness-boosting habits.That means that your happiness lies in your very own hands. You can choose which habits to cultivate in your life.
Title: Happy People Experience Flow Often Content: Flow is a state of complete absorption and full involvement in the present moment.It is marked by intense concentration, a sense of timelessness, and a loss of self-consciousness. It’s a deeply healing and enjoyable state and one that greatly contributes to our happiness.
Title: Activities of happy people Content: They meditate.They exercise regularly.“Surveys show that exercise may very well be the most effective instant happiness booster of all activities.”They stop and smell the roses.They spend time with their furry friends.They spend time outside.
Title: Happy people look after their relationships Content: They spend ample time with friends and family.They celebrate other people’s successes.They engage in deep conversations.They make the people around them happy.