Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: What's Most Important To You Content: Before you can set your priorities, you need to figure out exactly what they are."You have limited time and energy, so you need to determine what your top two priorities are at any given moment.
Title: Create An Action Plan Content: Take a few moments to create a plan of where you would like to see yourself in the next couple of months or years.Align those dreams with your priorities to help you focus on making your wishes come true.
Title: Designate Specific Time Slots For Tasks Content: It's important to remember to set time aside for things that truly matter to you.Whatever it is, you won't feel fulfilled if you constantly put other things before your own happiness.
Title: How You Want To Live Your Life Content: It’s important to have your priorities straight so you’re living a life of purpose and fulfillment that feels good for you.This way, you know what isimportant to you andyou’re more in line with your intentions and what you really want out of life.
Title: Map Out Your Daily Tasks Content: Map out what you need to do every day to keep you motivated and focused.Also, estimate the time required for each task and map out what you can do each day to stay on track.
Title: Take Time To Reflect Content: This means setting aside an afternoon or a block of time where you shut off your phone, put pen to paper and tell yourself that, even though you have a million things going on, this is a priority.Analyze your life and figure out what kind of changes you need to make. If you feel like you have no time to do this, then honestly, that's even more of a reason for you to reflect.
Title: Be Honest With Yourself Content: You have to check those priorities with reality. Keep track of how much time you truly spend on things each week, for at least a week or maybe two. Finally, compare the reality of your time with your ideal priorities.Make appropriate changes so your reality matches what really matters most to you.
Title: Create A List Content: When we feel overwhelmed it can be challenging to figure out what our priorities are because everything can feel equally as important. A great tip to keep your priorities straight is to make a list of everything weighing on your mind. Once you see it in front of you, it already starts to feel more manageable. From there, rate each item on a scale from one to ten on its importance. By doing this you will be able to determine which priorities should come first.
Title: Priorities Will Change Content: We must have awareness around the fact that our priorities will change as our lives and circumstances change. Some priorities will be ones that we focus on over the long term and other priorities will be focused on what’s happening right now.