Religion & Spirituality,Mental Health,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: Entities, interference and di Content: Some of the following descriptions and explanations of entities and interference may sound bizarre and at times unbelievable to many people. It's not our intent to generate fear, or perpetuate any myths. We want to help people recognise we are all multi-dimensional energy beings with the potential to interact with other forces. If this interaction is without permission, we describe it simply as interference. All I ask is that you keep an open mind and consider that within the practice of Red Spirit Energy Healing, we have techniques for dealing with this phenomena.
Title: Unknown territory  Content: Whenever we proceed from the known into the unknown we may hope to understand, but we may have to learn at the same time a new meaning of the word “understanding”.  Werner Heisenberg, Physics and Philosophy: The Revolution in Modern Science. 
Title:  Content: Interference  coul d be described as any influence that limits, distorts, or openly disrupts the life experience or behaviour of a being. Crossing multiple planes of reality, many of these influences can move or operate across multiple dimensions to affect a person. This is regardless of whether or not the person is aware of that interference or believes in its existence.   
Title:  Content: Everything has a resonance at a particular frequency which we may or may not perceive, depending on our own unique abilities. Many believe that beings interact with us and work with us on a daily basis, but we can't perceive them due to their higher rate of vibration. If you accept this, and I acknowledge not everyone does, then you must also consider the potential for other negative forces or energies to surround us that are also not perceptible.  The Universal Law of Polarity suggests that everything has an opposite. them, but that does not negate their existence or their influence.
Title:  Content: Everything is energy including our thoughts, and there are various aspects of us that resonate at different rates. We are after all, multi-dimensional beings. Yes, a big chunk of us is classed as low vibration and three dimensional. But there are aspects of every person that actually exist in the angelic realm or dimension, and every other dimension in between. Our feelings and our thoughts all resonate at different rates, crossing different dimensional planes. We're not just hairy bags of water as Dr Michael Colgan likes to amusingly describe the human body.   
Title:  Content: So what does this mean in regards to entities and interference? Negative thoughts, emotions and intent, all resonate at a particular vibration. This vibration tends to coalesce into what some term as fourth dimensional energy. It's basically the chaos of the world that has no specific form or body, but coalesces due to mutual attraction, all resonating around a similar frequency. It's all around us and part of us, and it's this chaos that offers the potential for some energies to take form in co-creation with us. In other words, we create them, most commonly through fear and anger.   