Personal Development,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management,Communication
Title: Vision Content: Great leadershave a clear, exciting idea of where they are going. They are excellent at strategic planning.While a manager gets the job done, great leaders tap into the emotions of their employees.
Title: Courage Content: Having the quality of courage means that you are willing to take risks in the achievement of your goals with no assurance of success.
Title: Integrity Content: Truthfulness is the foundation quality of the trust that is necessary for the success of any business. Itrequires that you always tell the truth, to all people, in every situation.
Title: Humility Content: Humility means that you have the self-confidence and self-awareness to recognize the value of others without feeling threatened. You are willing to admit you could be wrong and may not have all the answers. Humility requires the containment of one’s ego.
Title: Strategic Planning Content: Great leadershave the ability to look ahead, to anticipate with some accuracy where the industry and the markets are going in advance of their competitors.
Title: Focus Content: Leaders focus on results, on what must be achieved by themselves, by others, and by the company. They focus on the strengths in themselves and others.
Title: Cooperation Content: Leadership is the ability to get people to work for you because they want to.Your ability to select the 20 percent of your people to contribute to 80 percent of your results is essential to the smooth functioning of the organization.Commit to get along well with each key person every single day.
Title: Strong Communicators Content: Leaders strive to perfect the ability to speak effectively and persuasively.They tend to practice public speaking within their own businesses until they are ready to branch out into professional paid speaking gigs.
Title: Lead by Example Content: Leaders think about good leadership qualities and how to apply them on a daily basis.They lead by example to truly earn the trust of their followers.