Religion & Spirituality,Mindfulness,Health,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: Retrospective judgement Content: In this exercise, you were asked to make a time estimation after an event, or what psychologists call a retrospective judgement.Valtteri Arstila, a philosophy lecturer at the University of Turku in Finland, explains that you can make this judgment because you have in working memory the first shape to compare. While this method works comparing very short durations, a different process is used for longer time periods.
Title: Oddball effect Content: You just watched a series of images that were shown for the same amount of time though the novel image, in this case the nested squares, is often thought to have lasted longer.This is called the oddball effect. Arstila points to two phenomena that can help us understand how we deal with periods of repetition.First, we already have a record of the repeated object in memory and as such we pay less attention and it feels as though it passes more quickly. Second, when the new object appears, our attention focuses on creating a new memory, causing time to feel as though it has slowed down.
Title: Attention and emotion can distort time Content: You just performed an interval time estimation. Three stimuli were shown for the same duration, though the expanding circle is often thought to last longer.“Things that grab our attention or require more attention feel much longer,” said Arstila.Emotions can also influence our perception of time.“Passage of time estimates correlate best with moods people have. If you have a good time, time flies, if you are sad, lonely, then time tracks,” said Arstila.
Title: Telescoping Content: We tend to rely on memory rather than knowledge to date events happening within our lifetime. But as our memory distorts our perception of time, it also affects our sense of when an event took place.Psychologists have found that it’s common when recalling a long-ago event to think that it happened more recently than it did. But if the event happened within the past three years, we often think that it happened longer ago.This effect is called telescoping. Think of it as looking backward or forwards through a telescope where images are distorted depending on the orientation.