Personal Development,Psychology,Communication,Love & Relationships
Title: Narcissists Content: They have inflated views of themselves (they think they are better than they actually are).They make fantastic first impressions. But the stuff that works for narcissists so well in the short term proves lethal in the long term.In job interviews, narcissists get results, but after three weeks people regard narcissists as untrustworthy. They make awesome first dates, but relationship satisfaction with them shows a big decline after 4 months.
Title: Don't deal with them Content: Narcissists lack empathy, they usually don’t work hard, and in a few weeks to a few months, they make the people around them miserable. And narcissism is very hard to change. So, if at all possible, just stay away.
Title: Kiss Up Or Shut Up Content: Clinical psychologist Al Bernstein recommends you kiss up to them or at least keep your mouth shut until you can get out of there.There’s this concept called “narcissistic injury.” Pointing out a narcissist isn’t all they think they are can be like pulling the pin on a grenade. A grenade you have to see every day of your life.
Title: Get Payment Up Front Content: Never extend credit to, or accept promises from, a narcissist. As soon as they get what they want, they will be on to the next thing, forgetting whatever they said they would do for you.Make sure you get what they dangle in front of you before you give them what they want. Narcissists will rarely be offended by people looking out for themselves.
Title: “What Would People Think?” Content: If narcissists believe something will hurt their reputation, they will think twice.Don’t tell them how people might react; instead, ask probing questions. Narcissists are much more likely to act on ideas that they think they thought up themselves.
Title: How To Overcome Narcissism Content: We all have some narcissism in us.Empathyfor others is essential in overcoming it.If you’re a hard-working narcissist, it may be bringing you enough rewards in the short term to feel like it’s a good idea for the long term. What do you do then? Redirect your narcissism.A lot of narcissists run charities. And they get lauded, praised and admired.