Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Remote Work,Problem Solving
Title: Switching between tasks Content: Most of us spend our days jumping between tasks and tools.In fact, most people average only 3 minutes on any given task before switching to something else (and only 2 minutes on a digital tool before moving on).
Title: Task switching and focus Content: Taking on additional tasks simultaneously can destroy up to 80% of your productive time:Focusing on one task at a time = 100% of your productive time available.Juggling two tasks at a time = 40% of your productive time for each and 20% lost to context switching.Juggling three tasks at a time = 20% of your productive time for each and 40% lost to context switching.
Title: A schedule for sustained attention Content: It includes:Large chunks of focused “flow” time for more demanding projects.“Themed” days to reduce the need to recalibrate between different tasks.Advanced planning so you can prioritize meaningful work.Realistic time set aside for admin, communication, and meetings.Clear expectations for your teammates so they know when not to interrupt you.
Title: Sustained focus and rest Content: You can’t expect to focus non-stop on a project for days on end. But at the same time, you won’t see any real progress if you mindlessly jump from one task to another.You need a work schedule that pairs periods of sustained focus with rest in a way that’s purposeful and powerful.
Title: Use an A/B Schedule Content: ... to reduce FOMO and productivity guilt. This will also help you to stay in the same mental space without worrying about what needs to be done:Go through your main tasks and divide them by either project, task, client, or topic.Divide those tasks into two categories based on their connection, an A and a B schedule.
Title: Theme your days Content: ... and use office hours to keep your focus throughout the week. One example is the  Free, Focus, Buffer system popularized by business coach Dan Sullivan:Free days are completely separated from business activities.Focus days are spent on your most important work.Buffer days are for planning, admin, and busywork.
Title: Maker and Manager schedules Content: Split your day between Maker and Manager time:Managers cut up their day into one-hour intervals (or less) and bounce between tasks.Makers need long stretches of uninterrupted time (usually at least half a day at a time).To protect your focus, try to schedule at least a bit of Maker time into each day.
Title: Effectively switching your work schedule Content: Examine your current schedule (if you have one). Get real with where your time goes each day.Communicate with everyoneabout how your schedule is going to change and why it’s important.Experiment to find what works for you. There’s no one perfect scheduling or time management strategy.Focus on your health.