Books
Title: Semplifica Content: In The Way of the SEAL, Commander Mark Divine tells us that, in the chaos of war (and life!), we need to “simplify the battlefield” and maintain a “front-sight focus” on whatever is most important in the moment.
Title: Zen living Content: the most important question we can ask ourselves is, “Now what needs to be done?” We never receive more than we can handle, and there is always just one thing to do.”Going through difficult times? Remember: Take it one evolution at a time.
Title: Power of Connections  Content:  Holding hands.
Title: Don’t ring the bell  Content: I watched you go through training. You were tough then. You’re tough now. You’ll get through this just fine. But no matter what happens.’ He paused. ‘Don’t ring the bell.’
Title: Sugar cookie Content: Mr. Mac, do you have any idea why you are a sugar cookie this morning?’ Martin said in a very calm but questioning manner.’“‘No, Instructor Martin,’ I dutifully responded.‘Because, Mr. Mac, life isn’t fair and the sooner you learn that the better off you will be.’”
Title: The lesson Content: Sometimes no matter how hard you try, no matter how good you are, you still end up a sugar cookie. Don’t complain. Don’t blame it on your misfortune. Stand tall, look to the future, and drive on!”P.S. The 10th and final lesson from Make Your Bed? “Of all the lessons I learned in SEAL training, this was the most important. Never quit. It doesn’t sound particularly profound, but life constantly puts you in situations where quitting seems so much easier than continuing on. Where the odds are so stacked against you that giving up seems the rational thing to do.”
Title: Warrior’s love Content: There is a traditional Buddhist story about a ship captain, Compassionate Heart, who was traveling with five hundred people when a pirate, Angry Spearman, boarded the boat and threatened to kill them all. The captain realized that if the pirate did this, he would be sowing seeds of his own intense suffering. Moved by compassion for both the pirate and the people, the captain killed Angry Spearman… There is no act that is inherently virtuous or non-virtuous. The warrior trains in the discipline of not causing harm, knowing that the way to do this skillfully will change with the circumstances. When we practice discipline with flexibility, we become less moralistic and more tolerant.”“In her book In the Presence of Enemies, Gracia [Burnham] would write that the only way to overcome the hatred in the world is to have ‘genuine love in our hearts.’But I must confess, as I hunted bad men around the world, I did not always have love in my heart. To each man God has given special talents. Mine seemed better suited to exacting justice than to offering mercy. I hope Martin would understand.”
Title: The man I ever wanted to be Content: Let’s remind ourselves every day (!) that our inner and outer lives are based on the labors of other men and women, living and dead, and that we must exert ourselves in order to give in the same measure as we have been blessed to receive and are still receiving.
Title: In my Journey Content: In my journey, I found that there was always someone better than me: someone smarter, stronger, faster, harder-working, more talented, more driven, more honest, more pious—just better than I was. It was humbling, but at the same time immensely reassuring. There were so many problems in the world that I could not solve, but maybe someone else could.