Personal Development,Business,Entrepreneurship,Leadership & Management
Title: Ask yourself Content: "What subject could I read 500 books about without getting bored?""What could I do for five years straight without getting paid?""What would I spend my time doing if I had the complete financial abundance to do anything?"
Title: Your passion shouldn't be your job Content: If you can't imagine not doing something, it's a passion. It doesn't have to be a moneymaker.Make your money some way that will give you the time for what you really love to do.
Title: Work out what you hate doing Content: List the jobs or tasks that you absolutely loathe. Once you have eliminated these options, your true passion may become more clear.Ask this question: who do I envy the most due to the work they do? List multiple individuals, then look at the work they do, and try those things. You might find your passion from that list.
Title: Find the things you are mediocre at   Content: According to Oliver Emberton,if you fuse your mediocre skills together, you'll find your passion.Emberton argues that the most successful people "are a fusion of skills, often not even exceptional skills, but they’ve made their fusion exceptional."
Title: Forget the 'Eureka!' moment Content: Your true passion is not found overnight but is realized through a series of discoveries of small interests. Try asking close friends and family what they think you should be doing with your life.Experiment with new activities, whether it's a new sport, learning a language, or trying a craft, as much as possible.
Title: Remember what you loved doing as a child Content: What hobbies did you enjoy doing before life got in the way? Would you enjoy those activities now? Or take a new perspective: imagine that you are very old. What do you wish you had spent the last 20 to 30 years doing?
Title: Create something brand new Content: When you create something new, you’re inventing something to be passionate about. However, you must find success to fuel your passion.
Title: Try visualization Content: Imagine yourself getting up early, jumping out of bed, excited about going to work. You get dressed quickly, full of enthusiasm about your day. You take those first steps out of your bedroom.Now work out where you are going and what kind of job follows on from that feeling of anticipation.