Communication,Personal Development,Psychology,Leadership & Management
Title: Take bold stands Content: Research shows humans prefer cockiness to expertise. We naturally assume confidence equates with skill.So stop saying, "I think" or "I believe." Stop adding qualifiers to your speech.Stand behind your opinions--even if they are just opinions--and let your enthusiasm show. People will naturally be more persuaded.
Title: Adjust your rate of speech Content: If your audience is likely to disagree, speak faster. Itgives them less time to form their own counterarguments and you have a better chance of persuading them.If your audience is likely to agree, speak slower. Itgives them time to evaluate your arguments and factor in a few of their own thoughts. 
Title: Start with small "wins" Content: Gaining agreement has an enduring effect, even if only over the short term. So instead of jumping right to the end of your argument, start with statements or premises you know your audience will agree with. Build a foundation for further agreement.
Title: Occasional cursing Content: Tossing in an occasional--and heartfelt--curse word can actually help instill a sense of urgency because it shows you care.Authenticity is always more persuasive. And if you feel strongly enough to slip in a mild curse word, feel free.
Title: How your public approaches information Content: Always know your audience. Don't push for instant agreement if someone's personality style makes that unlikely. But don't ask for thought and reflection if your audience loves to make quick decisions and move on.
Title: Share positives and negatives Content: Sharing an opposing viewpoint or two is more persuasive than sticking solely to your argument.The people in your audience are more likely to be persuaded when they know you understand they could have misgivings. So talk about the other side of the argument--and then do your best to show why you're still right.
Title: Draw positive conclusions Content: While it's tempting to use scare tactics, positive outcome statements tend to be more persuasive.So if you're trying to produce change, focus on the positives of that change. Take your audience to a better place instead of telling your audience what to avoid.
Title: Choose the right medium Content: As a general rule, men tend to feel competitive in person and turn what should be a conversation into a contest we think we need to win.The opposite is true if you're a woman hoping to persuade other women. According to the researchers, women are "more focused on relationships," so in-person communication tends to be more effective.
Title: Make sure you're right Content: Remarkably persuasive people understand how to frame and deliver their messages, but most important, they embrace the fact that the message is what matters.Be clear, be concise, be to the point, and win the day because your data, reasoning, and conclusions are beyond reproach. Andalways use your persuasion skills for good, not evil.