Personal Development,Problem Solving,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Resourcefulness is a mindset Content: With resourcefulness, you are driven to find a way. An attitude of resourcefulness inspires out-of-the-box thinking, the generation of new ideas, and the ability to visualize all the possible ways to achieve what you desire.
Title: Being open-minded Content: In being open-minded you find value in all kinds of different people, events and circumstances. You demonstrate a willingness to embrace different possibilities, opportunities, thoughts, views, suggestions and experiences outside of your normal repertoire. You push yourself to do what others believe to be impossible
Title: Being self-assured Content: This is the first step you take in getting things done.When you are self-assured you like and trust yourself and your capacity to handle any problem placed in front of you. You know your value, appreciate your talents, work ethic and your ability to consistently follow through on your every word, deed and action.
Title: Being imaginative Content: Being imaginative is not always about creating something new, but also, with a little ingenuity making old things work better. Creative thoughts quickly move you from one idea to another and to another. One of those ideas may bear the fruits of a genius idea or solution.
Title: Being proactive Content: Avoid being a passive observer. Participate actively and always be deeply involved. Take the initiative to be a part of creating and finding solutions.To be successful you cannot put your dreams on hold and wait for the right resources or people to show up. Get out there and create your own resources and networks.
Title: Being persistent Content: Don't give up. If you stop trying before a problem is solved then you haven’t accomplished anything. If you don’t succeed at first, get up and try again.Never see a setback as a failure, view it as practice. Practice makes perfect. Use fear and frustration to push you over the finish line of what you are seeking.
Title: Being hopeful Content: Train yourself to see the positive benefits in every situation.There is a solution to every problem, even if that means a change in direction. As you cultivate a positive outlook you will see it is easier to come up with solutions. Fear and frustration block innovation.