Communication,Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Psychology
Title: Social awkwardness Content: Some people experience awkward moments, but it doesn't necessarily impact their relationships too much.However, for other people, awkwardness can be a way of life where they miss important social cues. This creates painful misunderstandings that lead to social exclusion.
Title: Inside the awkward brain Content: Awkward people tend to see things differently. They highlight parts of their perceptual world that others tend to overlook.Neuroscience research suggests that awkward people have less activity in their "social brains" and require extra effort when interpreting social cues. This is draining and can cause anxiety.
Title: How awkward people can adjust Content: Awkward people can learn to feel more at ease in social situations.Showing a real interest in what others say will send a message that you are invested in their well-being. Awkward people can learn to stop talking and instead ask questions to further the conversation.Awkward people can be taught to pay attention to social cues like eye contact during conversations, and not chip in when someone else is busy speaking.
Title: Raising an awkward kid Content: The awkward kid may say or do things that others will interpret negatively - such as correcting people's grammar or strictly sticking to rules and routines (which helps them to function but could be perceived as stiff).Parents can do the following:They can act as coaches by teaching their children social scripts that help them fit in.They can teach them social expectations for dress and behavior.They can help them find their passions and connect with others who have similar interests.Social media could be a good tool to set up face-to-face time with friends.
Title: The upside of being awkward Content: The nerdy kid or adult is not all bad. Their deep focus gives them a particular perspective that no one else takes the time to notice. Their narrow attention can help awkward people to develop unique expertise. Famous examples would be people like Steve Jobs or Albert Einstein, whose obsessive interests helped fuel innovation.Awkward people may be more likely to excel at systematic problem-solving tasks.Those who are not socially awkward could practice a greater appreciation and empathy, reaching out toward those who struggle socially.