Time Management,Personal Development,Health,Productivity,Problem Solving
Title: We Need Breaks Content: Arecent Apple ad celebrated entrepreneurs working so hard, they’re not able to see their children.This style of working is unsustainable. We physically can’t work at 100% capacity, 100% of the time. We need breaks.
Title: Take A Break Every 52 Minutes Content: After analyzing 5.5 million daily records of how office workers are using their computer (based on what the user self-identified as “productive” work), they found that the top 10% of productive workers all worked an average of 52 minutes before taking a 17 minute break.
Title: Distract Yourself To Recharge Your Focus Content: Intense focus actually makes us less focused in the long run. Instead of thinking about the problem without stop, we need to create distractions that take our attention away from the task at hand so we can come back at it with a fresh mind.
Title: Take In The Great Outdoors Content: Studies show that just spending time in nature can help alleviate mental fatigue by relaxing and restoring the mind. Additionally, increased exposure to sunlight and fresh air helps increase productivity and can even improve your sleep.Simply being around natural elements can have the same effect.
Title: Give Your Mind The Right Fuel Content: Your brain works best with a consistent level of glucose in your blood–25 grams.To keep your brain working at peak performance, opt for a snack on your break that includes a higher level of protein, such as a small serving of chicken, beef, or fish, nuts or nut butter, or a protein supplement. 
Title: Exercise Your Eyes Content: Our eyes take the burden of much of our tech-fueled lives.Your eyes can begin to feel strain in as little as two hours.Use a simple exercise that will help reduce your eye fatigue: 20-20-20. Every 20 minutes look away from your computer screen and focus on an item at least 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds.
Title: Exercise Content: Hit the gym (or at least go for a walk).Researchers discovered that just 10 minutes of exercise is enough to boost memory and attention performance throughout the day.
Title: Let Your Mind Wander Content: Daydreaming is a fantastic way for us to access our unconscious and allow ideas that have been silently incubating to bubble up into our conscious.Meaning that while you think you’re doing nothing, you’re actually mining the depths of your mind for more creative solutions to the problems you’re facing.