Business,Personal Development,Startups,Productivity
Title: Being Mediocre Content: Most of us are in the 'mediocre' zone, making a living and trying to do our best in confining circumstances. We try to work, raise a family, and try to be happy.Aiming to reach towards the stars, becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg can work out for a few, but for most of us, it can be a recipe for failure.Being mediocre is good enough if you want time for your hobbies, have a decent family and enjoy the little pleasures of life.
Title: Procrastination Content: Procrastination is generally looked down upon and thought of as laziness, but it is your body telling you that you need to back off and think about what you are doing.You should try and figure out why you are procrastinating, as it can be a symptom of something broken in your life.
Title: Zero-Tasking Content: We all multitask at some point or the other, some of us more than others. Our attention and intelligence are deviated and substracted during multi-tasking.Single-tasking is better than multi-tasking, as focusing completely on one thing at any given time is optimal. Even better is to move into silence and nothingness by doing zero-tasking. The more we zero-task (another name for mindfulness or meditation), the more we progress into creativity and excellence.
Title: Failure Content: Failure can teach us two important lessons. Firstly, we learn to manage and overcome the failure in front of us, not repeating the same mistake.Secondly, failure can teach us to deal with the psychology of failure. It makes the failed individual aware and persistent, eventually leading towards success.
Title: Unoriginal Ideas Content: Mediocre people need not be completely original. Some of the world's most successful ideas weren't exactly original. They were combinations of two or more old ideas, that clicked due to effort, persistence, timing, and luck. Try to push an idea even if it's not exactly gold.
Title: Poor Negotiation Content: Not everyone is a salesman or an expert negotiator. Being mediocre and insecure can also make our negotiations mediocre.Even if our deal-making is sub-optimal, we may stand to gain in the long run in the poorly executed deals.
Title: Making Judgments Content: Being mediocre can make us make an incorrect judgment of other people, trusting someone that can harm us, or shunning someone who might be a great person. We still do ok, with our average judgement.Being mediocre doesn't mean you won't be great or able to change the world. It is about being honest, sensitive and authentic at every level.
