Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Communication,Love & Relationships
Title: Physical health is more than exercise Content: When we want to maximize our physical health, we should not only focus on a balanced diet and exercise but also on our social relationships.Studies, again and again, point to our relationships as a major factor in health. One meta-study found that people with healthy and supportive relationships live longer.
Title: Our mental state impacts biological processes Content: When we experience stress, our bodies change:The stress hormone increases.Our cardiovascular system activates its fight or flight response.Inflammation increases. Inflammation helps us fight off bacteria.Our ability to fight off viruses decreases.
Title: The main stressor that humans deal with Content: Loneliness is a major stressor. Loneliness increases cortisol and inflammation - which hurt our health in the long run.Taking time to connect with others help activate beneficial processes, such as the release of oxytocin. Oxytocin lower cortisol, reduce pain, change the way our brain responds to potential stressors, and promote the growth of new brain cells.
Title: Building new social habits Content: Because our social relationships are vital for our health, it's important to consider how to improve them. Just as we might plan healthy meals or exercise, we should plan to spend quality time with friends and family.We can catch up with friends remotely, a phone call being better than texting. We should also consider how to incorporate kindness into our routine. An act of kindness could be bringing someone chocolates, opening doors for others, or picking up trash.
Title: Looking beyond the individual Content: Many of the factors that impact our health are best understood at the level of community, rather than the individual.People that live in a friendly neighborhood have a lower risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Try to invest more time into your family life. Stop to chat with neighbors. Try to be kinder.