Productivity,Music,Time Management,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: The Growing Trend Of Multi-Tasking Content: Humans have lost the art of finishing one task and then starting another.A study in 2014 found that 99 percent of adults multitask, using two types of media at the same time for more than two hours a day on average, like watching TV while fiddling with the iPhone. We also keep most of our notifications on and keep switching tasks, getting distracted from our core activity.
Title: Multitaskers: One Vs Many Content: Monochronicity, which is when one completes one task and then starts a new one is preferred by some people, while a majority of us are moving towards polychronicity, where we are doing a lot of things simultaneously.
Title: Attention Residue Content: Some activities are designed for multitasking and require constant switching from one task to another are often the only way to get everything done in a given amount of time. Example: Running a café.Studies show that constant switching between multiple tasks leaves a ‘residue’ in our mind, which keeps a small amount of focus on the task left behind. This is known as Attention Residue, and can increase our cognitive load, affecting our decision-making abilities.
Title: Focusing The Mind Content: Studies prove that we tend to be slower and also less accurate in general when we are doing two tasks at a time. Deadlines result in us making decisions that are cognitively simpler.Multitasking is actually easier when the various tasks are massively different from one another, and is hard to do when they are similar.Distraction-oriented multitasking can be an aid to complete boring, monotonous tasks like working out on an exercise bike or making a boring report which requires a low-level concentration, for example.
Title: Supertaskers Content: Two people out of a hundred are Supertaskers, a group discovered by accident in a psychological study at the University of Utah.These people are great multitaskers and do not suffer a drop in performance, able to divide their concentration in multiple tasks/areas/activities. If people tend to realize and be aware that they are great multitaskers, they don’t perform as well as when they do it without realizing.If a task feels less of an effort, it can be easily done, but many multitaskers love the extra cognitive load that their brain has while juggling different tasks, taking it as a form of entertainment.