Books
Title: Museum Legs. Fatigue and Hope in the Face of Art 
 Content: Why boredom and fatigue in museums?Management consultant about museums: "Oh, I love museums. I just don't go."museum legs = speaks of a powerful dynamic between museums and their visitors, between arts and the general public that implies a feeling of fatigue and disconnectionEducation in museums is often inseparable from the experience of art and so is susceptible to visitors feeling at their ease. Museums must be hospitable and generous, have a desire to share or impart knowledge or understanding.Museums are becoming broadcasting platforms. And much the same way one feels crazy talking back to the television, an exhibition-goers is often put in a receptive more than conversational frame of mind.The experience lends itself to the kind of learning that is taking of information, not the changing of the person who is the receptacle of it."The tone of how a museum speaks to its visitors through labels is as telling as the tone of how two people speak to each other. Find a label that wasn't vague enough to be swapped with another label.Boredom can be a symptomatic of disconnection between what is available and what one would like to do. And rather than reflecting laziness or and incurious character, boredom can be the marker of exclusion, of helplessness.A museum decides what to show, how to describe it, how much to charge to see it and when to be open. Museums often emphasise the historical because museums are often run by historians. What should art do?
Title: Why are museums boring? Content: "Oh, I love museums. I just don't go."Boredom can be a symptom of disconnection between what is available and what one would like to do in the museum.museum legs = speaks of a powerful dynamic between museums and their visitors that implies a feeling of fatigue and disconnectionMuseums are becoming broadcasting platforms. And much the same way one feels crazy talking back to the television, an exhibition-goers is often put in a receptive more than conversational frame of mind.What should art do?
Title: What could museums do? Content: Museums should be public institutions in the service of training the visual mind.Museums can be generous scholars, effusive storytellers and kind hosts.What is meant by educating people in the arts? Whether artists, critics or non-artsy people, we are training curious and independent thinkers.Somewhere under all of the layers of art history and the frames and pedestals, museums are concerned, profoundly, with imagination. Imagination matters in understanding other people and to avoiding stereotypes.
Title: What can museums do? Content: Visual literacy is the ability to notice, make sense of and create images. The cacophony of visual noise makes it more and more difficult to make sense of the visual world.The museum has the potential to be a laboratory for visual thinking and a repository of pictures and creative efforts that have the capacity to expand one's experience of the world.The human mind rarely imagines purely in words but, as the word suggests, in images. Such an awareness is required not just for visualising, but for generating wholly new ideas.