Personal Development,Health,Habits,Time Management
Title: Good energy Content: Good energy is having the right energy—physically and mentally—to fuel your actions throughout the day.A hallmark of body-energy management is that you happily flow from one activity to the next. When these elements are in sync, each action, each day fuels the next.
Title: Getting started Content: Make a simple chart to help you see what kind of energy you operate on at various daily checkpoints and consider what affect this pattern has on you.Discover how to better match your own energy with your daily goals.
Title: Why people feel drained Content: The most common reason is energy mismanagement -not supporting specific times of the day and specific actions with the right match of energy.Identify your own energy traps and mismatches and replace them with the right energy to increase your energy gains. You’ll get more done with less effort and greater satisfaction when you can train your body and mind to operate with “higher-quality currency.”
Title: Eliminate burnout Content: Switch activities to something more rewarding and pile it on, pushing the pedal to the metal until you recharge.You’ll reset the electrical activity in your mind and body and enjoy a cascade of self-produced anti-stress and happy hormones.
Title: Massage this acupoint to bust stress Content: In a seated position and well postured, as if there is a string atop your head pulling upward, use your thumb to gently rub the bottom (center) of each foot. Works fast.
Title: Eliminate bad moods Content: Put a photo of a loved one, friend or pet doing something positive and silly—the sillier the better—on your phone.Making those childish funny faces or facial expressions works great. Use as needed.
Title: Plan a recharging activity Content: Think over tomorrow’s agenda. Identify a predictable situation when you’ll drain a lot of energy. Plan a restorative activity before or after.Get to a different environment and do something creative: Listen to an audiobook, sketch a natural scene, try some creative writing.
Title: Heighten your energy Content: Find an environmental photo that has a relaxing effect on you Find a piece of fast-paced music that makes your energy soar. Place these on your cellphone. Relax and deepen your breathing, empty your mind of thoughts and mindfully observe the photo for five to seven minutes. Afterward, play your fast tune.