Problem Solving,Communication,Personal Development,Money & Investments,Leadership & Management
Title: Secret 6: Exercise Your Eyes for 60 Seconds Before Reading Content: Focus on a spot on the wall 10 feet in front of you, keeping your head still. IWith your right hand extended in front of you at eye level, trace an 18-inch infinity symbol (a sideways 8) and follow it with your eyes three or four times.Switch hands and trace the symbol with your left hand, effectively awakening both sides of your brain.Drop your hand and trace the symbol 12 times in one direction with your eyes alone.Switch, moving your eyes in the other direction.
Title: Affirmations That Make You Learn Faster Content: "I release my past beliefs/perceptions/judgments and now easily and quickly learn and remember.""Every day in every way I'm speedlearning faster and faster, and getting better and better."
Title: Secret 4: Reading in Chunks Content: The human eye has a spot called fovea, where vision is clearest. So you can see the center of a chunk most clearly, but you can still distinguish the surrounding words.Reading a sentence in three or four chunks instead of word per word, will increase your reading speed.
Title: Secret 3: Read with a Pointer Content: We instinctually follow moving objects in our field of vision. A pointer will help you create a pace and focuses your attention on the page.Using a pointer object, or your finger, to underline each sentence as you read focuses your attention on the page. This speeds up your reading six times by allowing your peripheral vision to pick up six words on either side of the focus point.
Title: Secret 2: Head Movements Content: Research claims that moving your head left to right as you read helps to stabilize images on your retina. It's called the vestibulo-ocular reflex.
Title: Secret 1: Viewing Angle Content: Hold your material or screen at a 30-Degree Angle.Reading from flat material is painful to your retina, causes eye fatigue, and after about two hours often leads to dry eye and irritation.
Title: Secret 5: Believe Content: H. Bernard Wechsler believes that repeating positive affirmations 30 seconds a day for 21 days helps to "create linked brain cells (neurons) in permanent neural networks."