Personal Development,Movies & Shows,Entertainment
Title: Use Snow For Various Medical Purposes Content: Ice is good for numbing pain, but avoid it when it’s so cold that frostbite can set in in record time. As the film Arctic shows, snow can be used to plug wounds preventing hemorrhage as it induces vasoconstriction. It can still cause frostbite but it might be better than the alternative.
Title: Don’t Let Your Water Bottle Freeze Content: Arctic explorers would carry their water bottles under their coats, on the ridge between their shoulders, right at the bases of their heads. That would keep it from melting without getting in the way of other stuff they had to carry. They would also not drink their bottles all the way empty. Leaving a little water inside kept the refill from freezing.
Title: Don’t Eat Snow, If Possible Content: Your body takes a lot of energyaway from maintaining your core temperature in order to melt snow, so avoid it unless you are dehydrating.
Title: Build An Effective Snow Shelter Content: Dig down and then sideways to keep the shelter from collapsing. Snow is good at supporting itself.Make the shelter slightly bigger than the space you need for your body so your body has less air to warmBe sure to put down a pad, sleeping bag, or another layer of some kind between you and the ground. Laying directly on the snow will sap the heat from your body.
Title: Ice Fish Efficiently Content: In Arctic, the pilot uses wire and a battery from his plane to generate heat and melt through the ice.To avoid having to sit exposed while waiting for the fish to bite, make a bell by suspending a portion of the fishing line between two stakes, then string two things onto it that’ll clink together when you've got a fish on—a couple of pots, say, or the blades from trowels.
Title: In An Arctic Landscape, Get To Sea Ice Content: In an Arctic landscape, you won’t run out of water. But you will run out of food. Getting to sea ice means you’re over water, which means you’re over fish.
Title: Visually Signaling For Help Content: Signal for help in a way that can be seen from the sky, even a mirror will do.In Arctic, the pilot moves snow to render an "SOS" from the underlying black rock—but then has to spend time every day clearing snow that has blown through and obscured the message.
Title: Signal For Help With A Radio Content: Radios or transponders, especially those powered by a hand crank, are limited in range and direction. So you should regularly rotate transmission locations around your base camp.Arctic shows us that the pilot has been stranded for weeks by revealing the map on which he tracks his transponder broadcasts: He’s marked off several days of broadcasting at each of several peaks around his plane.
Title: The Movie “Arctic” Content: Tells the story of the lone survivor of a plane crash in the far north. Living out of the carcass of his plane, he hones a routine for staying fed and attempting to signal potential rescuers eventually leaving the plane to increase his odds of being rescued.A lot of research on survival and on frozen landscapes was made for writing the movie and this can be seen in the actions of the character and the challenges he faces.