Personal Development,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Thoughts are powerful Content: Thinking - the mixture of initiative, faith, willingness to win, and resilience - is more conducive to success than any other feature.
Title: Desire... Content: ... is the one stage that links thoughts and actions together:Thoughts → Committment (or Desire) → Action.
Title: Faith Content: It means convincing yourself that your goal is achievable.With a specific end in mind, practice convincing your mind of the opportunity to realize that goal, and after a while, your mind will start to subconsciously act on behalf of your belief system.
Title: Specialized knowledge Content: If you’re not specialized about the products or services you sell, you’re probably never going to be wealthy or successful in any endeavor.Education doesn’t stop on graduation day, and those who believe that are eternally condemned to mediocrity.
Title: Imagination can take the shape of: Content: Synthetic Imagination: Where your mind is limited to finding new combinations with past experiences.Creative Imagination:  When you think about the future in terms of opportunities.
Title: Decision-maker vs. procrastinator Content: Procrastination means giving up on yourself.Taking actionequalsmaking decisions.Decide what you want your life to look like, provide what's currently lacking (resources, positive associations powerful routines and habits), then go after your goals.
Title: Mastermind Alliance Content: Once two or more minds get together, a third, way more powerful mind is created; Surround yourself with like-minded people that can give you noteworthy insights and sparks that you can draw inspiration from.
Title: Subconscious mind Content: It is like an archive: it receives and contains your thoughts and impressions, regardless of their nature.So if you feed your brain with the vision of wealth and success, it’ll work its way through making those aims a physical reality.
Title: The worst facets of Fear Content: Fear of poverty. Poverty and wealth can’t coexist. Fear of criticism. It can rob you of power, self-confidence and independent thinking.Fear of ill health. Becoming pessimistic and ill-minded because of widespread negativity. Fear of losing love. Fear of old age.Fear of death.
Title: Think And Grow Rich Content: Written in 1937 after a 25-year research on some of the most economically successful individuals, the book is one of the universally recognized personal development masterpieces (more than one hundred million copies sold worldwide, according to recent estimates).The book‘s philosophy centers around the idea that success, in any endeavor, can be reached through mental visualization and imagination.