Health,Personal Development,Mental Health,Productivity
Title: Set Priorities Content: List your top priorities and ensure that your goals, actions and decisions reflect them. Then, create an action plan to meet those set goals and divide your time to focus on each item on that list.Your list of priorities is likely to change over time, just be sure to regularly check if those priorities serve you.
Title: Keep a Journal Content: Journaling eliminates intrusive thoughts about negative events and improves working memory. This leads to more energy for other mental activities, better stress, anxiety, and depression management.
Title: Learn To Let Go Content: Eliminating unnecessary thoughts, fears and concerns helps to reduce stress, boost self-esteem and free up mental space.Let go of all the negative thoughts and emotions that make you feel bogged down. Monitor your thoughts regularly and try to replace your negative thoughts with positive ones.
Title: Avoid Multitasking Content: There’s no harm in occasional multitasking, but constantly doing so limits your attention span, increases stress and makes it difficult for your brain to filter out irrelevant information. To make the most out of your time:Single-task as much as possible. List the things you need to accomplish that day. Start with what’s most important and make your way down the list, one task at a time.
Title: Breathe Content: Deep breathing is an effective technique to clear your mind, inducetranquillityand elevate your mood instantly. It lowers the heart rate and blood pressure, helps your body relax, promotes concentration and strengthens your immunity system.Take a deep breath. Pause. Exhale slowly. Repeat.
Title: Declutter Your Workspace Content: A messy workplace can lead to inefficiency and frustration.Declutter your workspace ASAP. Start by getting rid of all non-essential items and assigning a proper place to everything.
Title: Be Decisive Content: Put off making decisions often, and your brain becomes overwhelmed by the clutter created by those pending decisions. So stop procrastinating and decide.For simple decisions, evaluate the pros and cons and don’t look back once you decide. For more important decisions, you can try more elaborate methods.
Title: Share Your Thoughts Content: Talking to a loved one about how you feel is a great way to release pent-up emotions. Sharing your thoughts with others can also give you new perspectives, which can help you think clearer and make better decisions.
Title: Take a Break  Content: Your brain needs to rest and recharge in order to perform smoothly. So switch off your phones and laptops and do something that makes you feel happy.
Title: Limit Media Consumption  Content: Excess of information can clog your brain, causing stress and anxiety. You can prevent that by:Limiting the amount of time you spend on social media. Being selective about your media consumption (avoid negative content, follow only reliable media outlets for news updates, etc.) Organize your email regularly.