Teamwork,Career,Personal Development,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Influence is power Content: No matter who you are, where you work, or what your professional goals are, achieving more influence in the workplace is critical for success.But gaining that influence, like learning a skill, takes time and effort.
Title: Build Trust  Content: Influence is most often and most easily carried through trust: only when a co-worker trusts you will he orshe be open to your influence.The easiest way to do that is to be honest, no matter what. State your opinions, disclose your apprehensions, and don't keep secrets.
Title: Reliability Through Consistency Content: Inconsistency is the fastest way to ruin your reputation. Consistency, on the other hand, is slow but sure: if you execute your tasks effectively and on time, day after day, eventually people will come to rely on you.
Title: Be Assertive Content: There's a difference between being assertive and being aggressive.You'll need to present your thoughts and ideas with a high degree of confidence, indicating your convictions, but any excessive degree of confidence could be mistaken for needless arrogance, which will compromise your perceived authority.
Title: Be Flexible Content: Being too stringent or adamant in your beliefs will work against you.Work actively to show your flexibility while holding firm on your beliefs. Negotiations and compromises are often the best ways to do this.
Title: Be Personal Content: The key here is to seem imperfect, approachable, and human.Have personal exchanges with your employees and co-workers. You don't need to build friendships, but there's no reason why you can't get to know each other. Personal working relationships are important for cultivating a sense of team, and if people see you as another person on the team, they'll be more receptive when you disclose your ideas or opinions.
Title: Focus on Action Content: Trying to build influence through words is useless. If you're going to build influence in the workplace, you need to speak through your actions, or at the very least have the actions and history to back up whatever it is you're saying.
Title: Listen to Others Content: Listen to everyone's opinion, and encourage people to speak up, especially if they don't often voice their opinions. Take time to respect and acknowledge everybody's opinion, and let people know that you value them.