Personal Development,Philosophy,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: The Four Virtues Of Stoicism Content: According to Stoicism, the highest good, the supreme aim of life is virtue. Good or bad situations, events and circumstances are nothing but a chance for us to respond with virtue, and leads to happiness, success, honor, love and respect. Virtue is how one is happy and free, while shunning complexity and embracing simplicity.The Four Virtues believed by the Stoics are Wisdom, Courage, Temperance and Justice.
Title: Virtues Of Stoics: Wisdom Content: Wisdom is the space between the event and the response. The power to choose good or bad, recognizing the reality of the event and responding with complete awareness and rationality is called wisdom.It is the way one puts knowledge in implementation mode, guiding one towards the right action.
Title: Virtues Of Stoics: Temperance Content: Acting within limits, and not indulging in anything too much is a virtue that firmly puts it foot down on excess, which it believes lead to discontent, and dissatisfaction.Curbing one’s desires (or self-control) leads us to work on what is essential in our lives, be it material goods, discipline, or any extreme choice that life provides us with.
Title: Virtues Of Stoics: Courage Content: Following the virtue of courage makes one face death, misfortune and loss of respect, and still hold on to one’s principles.Life is a battle, and many times, a futile one. It requires great courage to fight not just the negative forces, but the many vices, and life-choices like trying to stay sane in an insane world, or fighting the urge to be corrupt when given absolute power. 
Title: Virtues Of Stoics: Justice Content: Justice is a virtue of stoicism that puts one’s self-interest and personal good out of the equation, and puts the focus on the betterment of the world. The virtue of justice is explained as:Not harming others.Keeping personal and private property separate.Thinking of others, not just of yourself. Everybody is important.Doing good to others.Embracing and following nature, contributing to society’s good.Being steadfast and truthful.