
Title: Effects of chronic Masturbation Content: Excessive Masturbation is the Worst Kind of MasturbationThis is a habit that’s been heavily built-up your mind, becoming a self-repeating pattern that has taken years to form. There are guys with chronic masturbation issues that have to ejaculate for over 6-7 times in a single day.And each time they masturbate, they become weaker. Sexual exhaustion is a real problem.If you multiply each fap by 3, and that would mean that for each day a chronic masturbator succumbs to his wants, he is going to need 18 days to recuperate (6 faps by 3 = 18).This is also called the “Coolidge effect” by scientists who have worked on the subject.The good news is that the negative effects of too much masturbation are not cumulative
Title: how to get rid of Chronic Masturbation Content: The answer is nofapAnd that too Monk Mode of nofap.But you are not going to need 763 years to recuperate. After 20 days you will feel much better, while at 90 days will be regarded as having passed a full reboot by the NoFap community.Personally, I think 6 months is the bare minimum for someone who has spent at least 5-7 years doing compulsive/obsessive masturbation. An addiction like that is not easy to cure. There are literally a zillion articles on this website in regards to how to handle any urges, relapses, wants and wishes while abstaining from porn and masturbation.You just have to browse around and read.If you think you might relapse, read again.If you’ve forgotten something, read yet again.Remember to keep active, and don’t peek at any naked ladies. Everything, including social media, Instagram, Facebook, and so on, still counts as watching porn. Even watching YouTube videos of K-Pop is enough to cause a relapse.
Title: Major Side Effects of Masturbation! Content: #1 You Become UnhingedWhen all you can think about is how to get your next dopamine high, you start to lose focus.You lose sight of the big picture.Every night you are alone, you are going to try to fap. The guilt of doing this is even worse if you are married or have a girlfriend.#2 Your Social Drive is Going to DecreaseReaching orgasm makes the brain feel like it has succeeded in its purpose in life.A happy, “laid-back” brain is not going to bother going out and take on risks.#3 Your Sexual Sensitivity is Going to be DecreasedYou heard that right – the more “sex” you have with your hand, the worse time you are going to have in the sack.Not only is your penis going to be less physically sensitive (meaning you will feel less pleasure when being with a woman – and that’s if you don’t suffer from porn-induced erectile dysfunction first) but you will also feel less happiness from the actual intercourse.