Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication,Problem Solving
Title: Fear of standing out Content: Our greatest fear is not that we are not special enough; our greatest fear is that we are too special.  It is our brilliance, not our deficiencies that often frighten us most.Don’t sell yourself short. There is nothing helpful about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you.
Title: Fear of not being good enough yet Content: There will never be a perfect time to pursue your dreams and goals.You’re growing every day.  You just have to find a way of living with uncertainty and learn to feel your way through life, letting your intuition guide you.
Title: Fear life’s daily storms Content: Sometimes life gets so hard that you don’t want to get out of bed in the morning. But sometimes life is beautiful.Realize that fear is the worst of it; fear is your real enemy.  So get up, get out in the stormy weather of the real world, and kick fear as hard as you can.
Title: Fear of failure Content: Life’s toughest struggles are intended to make you better, not bitter.  Your struggles with “losing” develop your greatest strengths.Failure is not falling down; failure is staying down when you have the choice to get back up.
Title: Fear of losing control Content: You can’t control everything in your life no matter how many safeguards you put into place.Life is about finding a balance between what we can and cannot control.  You must learn to live comfortably between effort and surrender.Realize you haven’t lost anything; you were never in control, to begin with.
Title: Fear of an event in another time and place Content: If you live your life with the regrets of yesterday and the worries of tomorrow, you’ll have no “today” to be thankful for.
Title: Fear of looking undesirable Content: As you grow older, what you look like on the outside becomes less and less of an issue, and who you are on the inside becomes the focal point of interest.So no matter how plain and undesirable you may feel right now if your truth is written across your face, you are beautiful.
Title: Fear of what you don’t understand Content: Those of us who can’t handle the tension of not understanding often judge and lash out at others.  We defend our circumstances by condemning people in different circumstances.So much depends on simply learning that feeling uncertain is not a sign that anything’s wrong with you or anyone else – it’s just a sign that we’re all human.  Nobody has it all figured out.
Title: Fear of change Content: Change is often resisted when it’s needed the most.Most of us are comfortable where we are even though the whole universe is constantly changing around us.  Learning to accept this is vital to our happiness and general success in life.  Because only when we change, do we grow, and begin to see a world we never knew was possible.