Problem Solving,Personal Development,Money & Investments,Psychology
Title: Luck And Chance Content: Like the flip of a coin coming up with heads or tails, chance is what happens out there, and is an aspect of the physical universe. Luck, on the other hand, is a perceived value of the ‘chance’ outcome.It is our subjective reality of a good or bad fortune, imposed over the objective reality of the final result or consequence. The chance event is the same, and people see it as lucky or unlucky.
Title: Getting Luckier Content: People try to change the chance outcomes, and thereby their luck by using blind superstition or old ritual to affect the outcome, but there is no evidence of them working.Luck can be increased with hard work, though what can happen out there is still anybody’s guess. The prepared mind that is able to act with speed and direction has more favourable chances than the one who is not paying attention.
Title: Luck and Our Perception On Life Content: Being lucky or unlucky often is our own perception and outlook towards life. If we survive a car accident, we consider ourselves lucky to be alive or to be unlucky to be involved in the accident in the first place, ruining our vehicle.
Title: If We Give Ourselves Lots of Chances To Win, Our Luck Increases Content: One of the first preparations is to increase the odds of winning by participating in a bigger or better way. The logic is that if we don’t buy the lottery ticket, we are sure we won’t win the one million lottery prize, but if we buy one ticket, our odds of winning have now increased. If we buy more tickets, the odds are more in our favour.The law of truly large numbers takes the odds calculation to the extreme and increases the number of chances to win to such a degree that winning becomes inevitable. Example: By increasing the number of positions we apply to, we increase the odds of landing an interview and an eventual job offer.
Title: Designing Luck Content: Being ready to seize an opportunity when it comes, able to see the links, networks, and relationships that others do not is one of the major factors to increase one’s own luck.Being a positive, outgoing person, getting exposed to new people and ideas, makes one’s mind prepared for opportunities for positive things to happen.
Title: Binary Luck Content: If the result is binary, like a flip of a coin or the stock market going up or down, we can work towards both the possibilities, and get into the playing field where we are in control of both the outcomes.