Mindfulness,Mental Health,Meditation,Videos,Science & Nature
Title: How To Consume The News Content: For the last few years, and especially in 2020, reading the news is leading to increased anxiety and other mental health issues. News consumption does not have to be something that makes us unhealthy, and we can take steps to rescue our mind from being influenced with what others want us to think.
Title: The Media Has An Agenda Content: The sensational and emotional aspects of already terrible news events are due to the media outlets having their own unique agenda. The focus on the potential negative outcomes is part of the plan to sell more news, as negativity attracts and gets them more eyeballs and revenue.The media tends to offer a distorted view of the world, as the news cycle isn’t about the straightforward service of providing news bulletins, but a 24 hour entertainment industry with billions of dollars at stake.
Title: Be In Control Of The News Content: Some news sources(The Daily Mail, The Times and even The Guardian) offer news that are sometimes distorted and sensationalized.If news gets to you, consider limiting reading the newspaper or the feeds over your smartphone, disabling the automatic notifications or recommended stories that distract you with sensational, distressing news multiple times a day.One can also mute social media accounts, limiting the endless scrolling of timelines and newsfeeds.
Title: Limit Your Bad News Content: If you don’t feel good mentally, it is a good idea to stay away from news in general, as that can aggravate any mental condition.One can also opt to read the film reviews, comics section or sports sections of newspapers to balance your mind with positive stuff that gives you satisfaction. Picking your favourite podcasts also helps.
Title: Real-Life Stories Are A Trap Content: Many respectable media outlets and publications pride from the fact that their real-life accounts give an emotional and personal dimension to the news. Keep in mind that these first-hand accounts are designed to evoke an emotional response and make you blindsided about any facts, hijacking your mind into believing what they want you to believe.
Title: Talk It Out Content: Talking to your friends, family and colleagues is a great way to quell your anxiety with the strength and perspective that they can provide about the fearful and sensational views in the news.One can also have a break, a kind of ‘news detox’ for a while and get back to the beauty of life.