Mindfulness,Health,Creativity,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: How to make good use of boring timea Content: Fidgeting is not unhealthy behavior by nature. It actually is a very efficient stress-reliever. A few years ago they released a wonderful toy, the fidget cube : a cube with different features on each side (a clicker, a button, a switch, etc), to play with during stressful moments. It is not really an activity per se . You won’t stop and play with the fidget cube, as you would sit on a couch and start watching TV, or read a book. Yet, it’s a good way to release the energies in surplus while working on a tough task, in a complex conversation, or waiting anxiously for something to happen.My favourite one is Doodling . Maybe you have negative memories from school, when your teacher told you off because you dared drawing a flower or some abstract shape on your notebook. Your teacher was wrong. As Sunni Brown explained in her clever TED Talk , doodling can be a great way to facilitate processing and memorization. There is research on the effectiveness of looking back at doodles from previous meetings to help recall what the meeting was about.Another good alternative is Daydreaming . Smartphones hurt also this practice, which was once the default alternative for anyone who tried to escape the present moment. Letting the train of thought run and see to which insights, fantasies or memories it goes.Daydreaming is a muscle that is worth strengthening. Allowing our mind to roam free is a great way to train our neurons into exploring new connections between apparently unrelated ideas. Instead of thinking rigidly and linearly about problem solving, our brain will start toying with creative ways to use the information and resources at hand — and provide us with more out-of-the-box solutions.The third alternative is Reflection . Compared to the previous two, this one doesn’t capitalize on our creative abilities. Quite the opposite, a proper reflection requires us to find a question or an issue we care about and to rationally articulate our thoughts, feelings and insights on the matter. It can be searching for insights on questions like “Why am I nervous/ angry/ uninspired right now?” or “What did I learn in the past week?”, it could be about collecting thoughts on a given topic (“List: skills that I would like to learn in the next year” or “Observing how people react to conflict in the workplace”). Some people prefer writing down those thoughts, others are satisfied with having a monologue in their head.