Health,Food
Title: Added Sugar vs. Natural Sugar Content: Added sugar is unfriendly to our health. It can be found in most food products we come across. It is absorbed by the body quicker unlike natural sugar.Processed food is digested quickly as soon as it enters out intestine while fiber-rich foods break down slowly and travel farther down the digestive track making us feel fuller.Foods containing natural sugar and fiber allow the body to feed the healthy bacteria in our gut and supports the health of our own microbiome.
Title: Avoid Grapes and Bananas When Cutting Down On Sugar Content: Bananas and grapes are delicious fruits but they contain high amounts of fiber and natural sugar (fructose). When we eat these fruits it can give us a sugar spike or commonly known as sugar rush.You can still eat them but eat them sparingly and try other variants of fruit instead.
Title: Low Sugar Diet and Dried Fruits Content: If you're opting to go on a low sugar diet, dried fruits may not be the best suitable choice for you.Dried fruit is a great snack as long as you're aware of how much of it you are eating. It's packed with nutrients but the drying process removes the water and concentrates a lot of the sugar in a small bite. 
Title: Milk Isn't Added Sugar Content: If you love milk in your coffee or tea, the good news is milk isn't considered as added sugar because it has it's own natural sugar you may or may not know as lactose.Milk isn't as overwhelming to the liver as added sugar would be. However, if you drink milk from soy or nuts, check the label because many of those products contain added sugar.
Title: When You're Opting For a No-Sugar, No-Grain Diet Content: If you're planning to go on a no-sugar, no-grain diet plan here are some breakfast ideas for you:High protein breakfast: Eggs and bacon are good choices but eat them moderately. Plain bacon does not have any added sugar. You can also opt for salmon, tuna, or chicken.Sweet alternatives: Plain and unsweetened yogurt can be paired with berries or nuts. If you want apple and peanut butter opt for the sugar-free kind.Greens and vegetables: Experiment with vegetable recipes!Soups
Title: Check your Oats Content: Many brands of oats have added sugar in them so it's always best to check the label for zero grams of sugar.Steel cut oats are the least processed. They have more fiber in them and are usually the best choice for oats.Rolled oats are partially cooked and it can increase your blood sugar levels pretty quickly.Instant oats should be avoided because your digestive track will absorb them so fast that it can cause a sugar rush.
Title: Bread and Sugar Content: Bread making has become a popular hobby nowadays and although it is time consuming, we feel rewarded once we get a taste.Nevertheless, handmade bread contains much less sugar than processed ones. If you bake bread with molasses, you should keep in mind that molasses is added sugar. Try opting for a recipe with less added sugar, it's better for your body.
Title: Orange Juice Is Heavy In Sugar Content: Drinking it in the morning is a poor choice because it will give you a morning sugar spike and will cause you to crash midday or in the early afternoon.Although it is a natural food, the juicing process of it takes out much of the fiber and concentrates on the sugar content. Have it as a weekly treat instead and opt for iced water with orange wedges to keep the citrus in your daily routine.
Title: Nutrition Labels Should Indicate Added Sugar Content: In 2020, most large food makers are asked to list their "added sugar" on the nutrition facts label and they have been required to do so.Smaller companies are not exempted from the requirement but are given until 2021 to comply. This rule will help consumers to figure out the natural sugars from the added sugar.