Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication
Title: Self-Regulation Content: People who self-regulate think before they act, have the ability to say no and shift their thoughts to prevent their emotions from controlling them.By learning to control and manage your emotions, especially your impulses, you are able to prepare yourself for emotional self-management.
Title: Motivation Content: Willing to defer immediate results to establish long-term success, emotionally intelligent people are generally characterized as motivated.They are motivated to look at a problem and find a resolution in a calm and rational way. When it comes to their careers, motivation drives emotionally intelligent people to be more productive and passionate about succeeding.
Title: Social Skills Content: Being able to talk easily and connect with others. Being socially responsible demonstrates that you really care about others and not just about your own personal gain.Having a high emotional intelligence gives you the social skills to manage the emotions of others too.
Title: Happiness Content: Raising your emotional intelligence involves knowing when to be happy, sad, excited, anxious, or even vigilant.The really happy ones are those who always give. Emotionally intelligent have the ability to control their mood to serve their purpose, motivating them to find more solutions to problems.
Title: Emotional Intelligence Content: Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize your emotions, understand what they’re telling you, and realize how they affect the people around you.People who function at a high rate of emotional intelligence have the ability to adjust their behaviors and are more effective at recognizing and managing their own emotions as well as the emotions of others.
Title: Pillars of Emotional Intelligence Content: Self-AwarenessEmpathySelf-RegulationMotivationSocial SkillsHappiness
Title: Self-Awareness Content: Use present language to help focus more on the present moment. Put your thoughts, feelings, and beliefs on paper.Knowing how to express your emotions can often help you manage them in a proper and healthy way. Don’t be afraid to give yourself the gift of silence and meditation.
Title: Empathy Content: Increasing your ability to empathize can help you get closer to others, gain their support when you need it, and potentially defuse high-charged conflicts in your professional and personal life.Be aware and listen carefully to what others are telling you. You know you are becoming more empathetic when you’re able to decipher and recognize the feelings of others.