Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Communication,Problem Solving
Title: Cautionary Hope Content: Research shows that during disasters, altruism and kindness happen more than greed and selfishness. To tide over the current crisis requires optimism along with caution.Action and accomplishment is a requirement to improve our and other people's lives. We cannot wish away the current situation and need to take affirmative, organized action.The planet needs us to fix itself, and we have plenty of work to do.
Title: People With High Hopes Content: People with high hope have a good number of difficult, challenging goals, and a good scorecard of achievement. They have lower rates of anxiety and depression and greater happiness. They cope well with problems that consume the rest of the world.
Title: Hope = Goals + Agency + Pathways Content: Instead of wishful thinking, we need to know what we want (specific goals), and have the drive and passion to go towards it (agency) and should be able to generate methods and devices to achieve what we want (pathways).When we do a sum total of these three, we get hope: Hope= Goals + Agency + Pathways
Title: Specific, Tailored Goals Content: Vague goals are a waste of time. Go for specific, challenging goals that take you out of your comfort zone, but also what is suitable for your personality and lifestyle. The goal has to be challenging and yet tailored for you only, not just copy-pasted out of a self-help book. Big, audacious goals will only make you feel despair, while it is not a huge problem if you have many goals.
Title: The Drive Towards Your Goal Content: If we have specific goals, a clear idea of what we want to do next, it is easy to get motivated and continue to move along towards the pathway. Your goals are your choice and not just something you want to do. Choosing to do something adds conviction to the goal selecting process. You picked the goal, and now it is time to work towards it.Thinking about your past successes also adds momentum to the agency.
Title: Pathways Content: They are the ability to generate ideas, plans and paths that achieve your desired goals. They relate to the resourcefulness, and the capacity to make things happen. It is the ability to jump and hop over obstacles and take alternate routes if required to achieve what you have set out to.This ability to be on your toes and improvise on the fly is the key to finding the pathways to your journey of hope, leading to an upward spiral and eventual success.