Teamwork,Remote Work,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: Trust in the age of remote work Content: Different industries may face different challenges when they have to manage staff remotely. However, they all share one element that is crucial: trust.A lack of trust can undo a team. Managers may doubt that their reports are actually working. This can lead to the expectation that employees are always available, creating stress and disrupting employees' work-life balance. The secret in learning to trust remote employees is ensuring good communication.
Title: Setting expectations for a remote setting Content: The simplest way to ensure employees are meeting expectations is to articulate your expectations.Rather than assuming everyone is available, establish the frequency and ideal timing for communication.Determine the best time and means of reaching you during the workday.Daily check-in calls can be helpful to stay up-to-date with what everyone is working on.Once you've set expectations, stick to them so your team will know what to expect.
Title: Set employees up for success with the right tools Content: In the office, employees are given the tools they need to do their jobs. The same should apply when they work remote. They should have access to the right materials, equipment, and information.Recreating an office setting also means offering several methods of communication, such as video conferencing.
Title: Leading with appreciation Content: With employees out of sight, it's essential to address issues promptly.One good approach is to lead with appreciation. Harsh feedback will likely lead team members to react defensively, rather than taking your comments as constructive. A study found 57% of employees prefer corrective feedback to praise or recognition. Video is also better than a voice call, where body language and facial expressions are lost.
Title: Offer opportunities for social interaction Content: Loneliness is one of the most challenging aspects of working remotely, even among introverts.Managers should find ways for employees to feel socially connected. For example, leaving open discussion time during meetings or creating fun Slack channels for small talk.