Personal Development,Communication,Teamwork,Love & Relationships
Title: Social behavior Content: Many of the correct behaviors people once considered common sense have gotten lost in the swirling wind of bad advice, outdated manners, rules, and social media that makes it too easy to slip up and be rude.There are certain accepted behaviors in all social situations that you need to learn. Putting them into practice can make a big difference in your social life.
Title: Social rules Content: Have good manners.Be on time.Personal space.Every culture has different comfort levels of personal space, so before you travel, find out how close you can get to people without being rude.Men’s manners.Be a gentleman. Rudeness is never manly.Women’s manners.You can be a lady and still show strength. It is always appropriate to be mannerly.Teens’ manners.Demonstrate good manners. If you exhibit proper etiquette, you'll earn respect and maybe even more privileges.Children’s manners.Be polite. Be the kid everyone wants to play with.Host and Hostess Gift.Never show up empty-handed when you're a guest in someone's home.
Title: Learn to communicate Content: Conversation.Learn how to hold a decent conversation with back-and-forth dialogue. Never monopolize a discussion.Never gossip.People’s names.Most people appreciate your effort to learn their names if you spend more than a minute or two talking with them.Cell phones.Use your cell phone sparingly in public. Think before you hit “send” in an e-mail. Most electronic mail can never be taken back.Social media.Remember that not only can your friends see what you post, others can repost, copy, share, or retweet anything you put out there.Rude questions.There are ways to deal with them and not come across as snarky.How to Graciously Change the Subject.There are times certain things shouldn't be discussed, and it's up to you to shift the conversation.
Title:  Table manners Content: Basic table manners.If having your elbows on the table makes it rock, take them off the table. Put your napkin in your lap, use the flatware starting with the one farthest from the plate, and don't talk with your mouth full.Restaurant manners.Arrive before your scheduled reservation, be polite to your server, keep your voice at a conversational level, and be a generous tipper.Formal dinner party. Know which utensils to use for each course. If you're ever in doubt about which fork goes with each course, look to the host or hostess and follow them.  
Title: Manners in business Content: Business relationships.Limit personal conversations at the office on a need-to-know basis. Be a good team player, don't make annoying sounds that might distract others, and offer to assist coworkers if they need help.Proper attire.Know how to dress in any situation.Getting ahead.Show up on time, do a good job, and maintain a positive attitude.Office Cubicles.Be polite and respectful to those who work around you. Keep noise, smells, and any other distractions to a minimum.Shaking hands.A decent handshake can give someone a good first impression.Business gifts.Make sure your gift is appropriate to the setting and occasion.Acknowledge others.Be the first to congratulate someone where it is due. Never take credit for someone else's work.
Title: Etiquette outside your home Content: Commuting.Keep your hands to yourself, don't stare at others, and offer a seat to anyone who needs one.In the air.Don't treat your airplane seat as though it's a recliner in your living room.Weddings.Show good manners while you help celebrate a couple’s union.Funerals.Don’t make a sad situation worse with bad manners. Learn what is expected before, during, and after a funeral.