Health,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Get the Wii Fit Content: ... to play games that require balancing and movement.Playing any games while standing up is also an alternative, as sitting all day is bad for us.
Title: Test Your Posture  Content: Test your back and neck postureagainst a wall or check proper posture illustrations to find any areas you need to work on when standing.Be more aware of your feet when you’re standing and adjust your weight so it’s distributed evenly across both feet.
Title: Core Strengthening Exercises Content: Do pilates and other core strengthening exercises to help you stand taller and maintain a proper posture.Yoga also does that and emphasizes body awareness and balance.
Title: Sit at a 135 Degree Angle Content: ... and adjust your workspace accordingly to put less strain on your spine. Ensure you’ve got a chair that supports your back and is ergonomic for your workspace.
Title: Adjust Your Posture in Every Situation Content: Besides your desk, rearview mirror, kitchen counters, pillows and mattresses are also things that influence your posture and need to be kept in mind.
Title: Learn to Breathe Properly Content: ... and more effectively, using your diaphragm. Also try breathing exercises that focus on lengthening your spine and engaging your waist muscles and lower core muscles.
Title: Use Apps to Improve Your Posture Content: Remembering to stand and sit properly is hard work, so thankfully there are apps to help us out.Use apps that warn you when you’re slouching.
Title: Hold Your Phone and Tablet Properly Content: Hold your devices properly, straight in front of you or prop it up perpendicular to the table, so you won’t be constantly craning your neck down to stare at them.
Title: Fix Your Workstation Content: Find the ideal desk height and keep your feet flat on the floor when sitting (the right seat height is level with your knees).
Title: Do Posture-Correcting Exercises Content: ... to train your body to be in the proper position, with the least amount of strain possible on your supporting muscles. But so a doctor if you have serious posture issues or pain.