Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: Demonstrate reliability Content: You can count on a reliable team member who gets work done consistently, does his fair share to work hard and meet commitments. 
Title: Communicate constructively Content: Teams need people who speak up and express their thoughts and ideas clearly, directly, honestly, and with respect for others.
Title: Listen actively Content: Teams need team players who listen first and speak second. They need players that can absorb, understand, and consider ideas and points of view from other people without arguing every point.
Title: Active participants Content: Good team players arefully engaged in the work of the team and do not sit passively on the sidelines. They take the initiative to help make things happen, and they volunteer for assignments.
Title: Share openly and willingly Content: Good team players areactive in sharing information, knowledge, and experience.They take the initiative to keep team members informed.
Title: Cooperation Content: Cooperation is the act of working with others and acting together to accomplish a job.Good team playersfigure out ways to work together to solve problems and get work done.
Title: Show flexibility Content: Teams often deal with change.Good team playersadapt to ever-changing situations without complaining.A flexible team member also considers different points of views and compromise when needed.
Title: Show commitment to the team Content: Strong team players care about their work, the team, and the team’s work.They want to give their best and expect other team members to do the same.
Title: Work as a problem-solver Content: Good team players are willing to deal with all kinds of problems in a solutions-oriented manner.They do not dwell on problems, blame others or avoid problems.Team players get problems out in the open for discussion and then collaborate with others to find solutions and form action plans.
Title: Treat others with respect Content: Effective team players deal with other people in a professional manner. They show understanding and the appropriate support of other team members to help get the job done. Theytreat fellow team members with courtesy and consideration.