Health,Personal Development,Food,Mental Health
Title: Causes of obesity Content: The causes of obesity are complex.Obesity is not simply a function of laziness or an indication of emotional instability.In addition, genetic and biological factors do not act in isolation but are constantly interacting with an array of environmental factors.Both the availability and persuasive advertising of unhealthy food contribute to the obesity epidemic.
Title: Changing Eating Habits is difficult Content: What puzzles and frustrates many trying to lose weight is why changing one's eating habits is so hard.A key part of the problem is that we believe we have more control over our behavior than we really do. Stress, anxiety and addiction can limit the conscious control we have over our choices.
Title: Focus on a change of heart Content: Losing weight through changing what and how much you eat doesn't happen because you rationally decide to lose weight. You have to have a change of heart.To get in touch with your motivation, think about the negative consequences of not changing as well as the positive ones.Successful individuals keep their motivation in the forefront of their minds all the time.
Title: Practice self-discipline Content: Self-control is a muscle that, like other muscles, needs exercise and strengthening. Each time you resist temptation, you are developing greater self-control.Some throw away their favorite food as a symbolic act that shows they have control over the food and not the other way round.
Title: Reduce sugary, fat-laden foods Content: Such foods create physical changes at a cellular level that alter how our brains and bodies react.When analyzing your level of addiction, consider both physical dependence (changes at the cellular level) and psychological dependence (the habitual repetition of a behavior in an attempt to satisfy an emotional need). For example, how often do you use a sugary treat to lift your spirits?
Title: Make history your teacher Content: You can learn from your mistakes.Instead of [beating yourself up] when you fail to keep your promises to yourself, seek to gain self-knowledge so you won't repeat the error. Be sure to acknowledge what you are doing right, not just what isn't working.
Title: Find support Content: Although you alone can make the changes you need to make, you can't make the changes alone.One of the most potent forces for positive change is the emotional support of the individuals who surround you.Social pressure can work for you or against you. Hang out with the right people.