Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Challenging areas in your life  Content: Consider how you’re doing in the following areas:Finances. Are you feeling ﬁnancial pressure in your life? Do you have all the things you need or really want? How much money do you have in savings? Do you have the income you desire? Is that income secure?Relationships. Are your relationships satisfying?Health. Are you taking good care of yourself?Fun & Adventure. Are you doing the things you really want to do?Any other aspect of your life in which you’re experiencing dissatisfaction.If you’re not pleased with your life, a limiting belief could be the cause.
Title: Challenging beliefs Content: Make a list of all of your beliefs, good and bad.Examples related to money:I’ll never be wealthy.Rich people are dishonest.I’ll never have enough money to have a nice house.If I’m rich, people will try to steal from me.My friends will treat me diﬀerently if I have a lot of money.It will be diﬃcult to make a lot of money if you believe these things.
Title: Beliefs that are holding you back Content: Think about which beliefs are having the greatest negative impact on your life. Consider how your behavior will change if that belief is eliminated from your life.
Title: Put negative beliefs in order Content: Order all your limiting beliefs you have identified, in order, from the belief having the greatest negative impact to the least.Now that you have a list of your limiting beliefs and have them in order, it’s time to start dealing with them.
Title: Eliminate A Limiting Belief Content: Read the belief out loud and ask yourself:“Do I really know that this is true?”Ask yourself where that belief came from.Simply state to yourself: “I choose not to believe this anymore. It’s not true.”Look for supporting evidence.Create a new belief that serves you.Measure yourself.How do you feel about your new beliefs?Is your behavior changing?Go back to your list of limiting beliefs.As you experience new things, new limiting beliefs will show up.