Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Corporate Culture
Title: Components Of Mental Toughness Content: Challenge: Viewing challenges as opportunities rather than obstacles.Control: Believing that you are in control of your life and destiny.Commitment: Having the ability to stick to tasks and see them through to completion.Confidence: Possessing strong self-belief in your ability to succeed.
Title: Believe In Your Ability To Succeed  Content: Mentally tough people truly believe they can succeed. That extends to encompass even mundane things in their life.Whatever you challenge yourself with, believing in yourself is essential. Avoid negative self-talk and instead focus your energy on staying positive and self-encouraging.
Title: Seek Intrinsic Rewards Content: Intrinsic motivations are those that come from within an individual and involve doing things for their own sake. They drive them to do better, push harder, be stronger, and persevere.Mentally tough people don't focus on the possible rewards that may await them at the end of a challenge. Instead, they see participating and overcoming challenges as rewarding in and of themselves.
Title: Don't Let Setbacks Get You Down Content: Facing difficulty leads successful people to develop ways of managing stress and excelling despite it. The mentally tough tend to rebound from setbacks with a renewed sense of determination.Rather than becoming discouraged, focus on building the resolve to push through the challenge and achieve your goals.
Title: Be Self-Directed Content: By setting goals and then following through on their pursuit, mentally tough people are able to get the things that they want out of life. They are simply willing to put in the work.Being mentally tough doesn’t happen suddenly; it comes from daily habits that help people the soldier through the tough times, with or without help, in order to realize their ambitions.
Title: Maintain Focus Content: You aren't always going to have the perfect setting and support for pursuing your goals. Other things are going to compete for your attention.Mentally tough people are able to keep working toward their goals in the face of these distractions. When you feel yourself losing focus, look for ways to recharge and bring yourself back on track.
Title: Accept The Highs And Lows In Life Content: Adversity and competition can help foster mental toughness and expose what one is truly capable of. Mentally tough people expect adversity, but they have faith in their abilities to survive, adapt, and overcome.
Title: Maintain Your Sense Of Control Content: Rather than pin their failures or successes on outside forces, they have a more internal locus of control. They believe that they have an active role in creating their own victories.
Title: Stick With It, However Hard Content: Sticking to your commitments helps you gain the lessons and experience you need to succeed in the future. It teaches you about your strengths, makes you aware of your weaknesses, and helps you realize that obstacles and even failures don't spell disaster if you don’t give up.
Title: Put a Positive Spin On It Content: Working on your goal may, over time, contribute to a mentally tough attitude. Continually working, you're more likely to feel a sense of mastery, achievement, and productivity, which makes the pursuit of the goal a more positive experience.When things are challenging or even unpleasant, pushing forward can give you the mental strength to keep going.
Title: Find Support Content: Successful people spend a lot of time with peers who provide support, training opportunities, and a positive environment for personal and professional development.Look to people you admire to help instill these feelings of hard work, determination, grit, and positivity.Seek out people who are going to contribute to your success and encourage you to achieve your goals.