Learning & Education,Personal Development
Title: Learn how to learn Content: We often put our heart and soul in some subjects but yet end up getting average grades. This can be really frustrating as you know you have put the hardwork but, studying or learning is not only about hardwork but also smartwork. You should know the right way to study a particular subject or anything as a matter of fact. Here are some tips to study the right way.
Title: Set the stage Content: First, you need to create the conditions—in your body and external environment—to successfully learn and retain information.Get a good night’s sleepStick with an environment that worksListening to calming musicEliminate distractionsSnack on smart food : While coffe and sugary foods might give you a boost for a short period but if you want to increase your efficiency for long periods try eating healthy snacks like edamame, apples, or nuts
Title: The SQ3R Method Content: Survey: Go through all the headinds and subheading and note them down.Question: Formulate questions around the content of the chapter, such as, What is this chapter about? What do I already know about this subject?Read: Begin reading the full chapter and look for answers to the questions you formulated.
Title:  Content: Recite: After reading summerize it in your own words and try answering the questions in the second step.Review: It’s important to review the material to fully understand it. Quiz yourself on the questions you created and re-read any portions you need to.
Title: The Retrieval Practice Content: Utilize practice tests: Take practice tests, quizes and other material which basically forces you to recall your answer instead of passively reading it.Make your own questions: Try making your own questions and encourage others in your study group to do the same . Discuss it to incoorporate the questions you might have missed.Use flashcards: Create flashcards, but make sure to practice your retrieval technique. Instead of flipping a card over prematurely, write the answer down and then check
Title: Spaced Practice Content: Instead of cramming all the material one night  before the exam start preparing for it early and learn the material many time in suitable intervals.Day 1: Learn the material in class.Day 2: Revisit and review.Day 3: Revisit and review.After one week: Revisit and review.After two weeks: Revisit and review.
Title: All the best ! Content: No one wants to spend more time studying than they need to. Learning effective study techniques can ensure you are fully prepared and confident without cramming. Hopefully, with the techniques above, you can avoid cramming the night before and make your study time more effective.