Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Appreciate everything Content: The habit of being grateful starts with appreciating every good thing in life and recognizing that there is nothing too small for you to be thankful for.
Title: Find gratitude in your challenges Content: Gratitudeis not only about being thankful for positive experiences. Sometimes thinking about negative or difficult situations can help to really nail down what youhaveto be thankful for.Dig a little deeper into some of your own past experiences and try to figure out how they have helped shape you into the person you are today.
Title: Practice mindfulness Content: Sit down daily and think through five to ten things you are grateful for.Picture it in your mind and sit with that feeling ofgratitudein your body. Doing this every day will rewire your brain to be naturallymoregrateful, and you’ll start feeling happier after every session.
Title: Keep a gratitude journal Content: Write down your positive thoughts to further focus your attention on the subject.While you are putting the pen to paper, youhaveno choice but to consciously think about the words you are writing without other distracting, ungrateful thoughts.
Title: Volunteer Content: For many people, the key to havingmoregratitudeis to give back to others in their local community.Not only will it make youmoregrateful for the things that you may take for granted, but studieshaveshown that volunteering for the purpose of helping others increases our own well-being, and thus our ability tohavemoregratitude.
Title: Express yourself Content: You can increase your feelings ofgratitudeby expressing that samegratitudeto the people you care about.Not only does expressing yourgratitudefor someone make their day a little brighter, but it can do wonders for increasing your own levels ofgratitudeand happiness in the long run
Title: Spend time with loved ones Content: If you’re struggling with feeling thegratitudein the moment, go spend time with your friends and family. It will give you a chance to practice your acts ofgratitudeon people that you care about.Make sure you’re listening intently the next time someone shares a story with you instead of waiting for your own chance to speak. Or start a conversation with a difficult member of the family by complimenting their new shoes or hair-cut.
Title: Improve your happiness Content: Being grateful can make you happy, but being happy can also make you grateful.There are plenty of other ways to get your mood up, including exercising or participating in a hobby you enjoy.Once you are feeling the endorphins flow, showinggratitudewill become even easier and you’ll start to be able to make list after list of all of the things in your life you’re thankful for.