Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: Take The Smallest Step Possible  Content: When you don't feel motivated, take the smallest step possible toward your goal.Instead of telling yourself to workout for an hour, say you'll go for 10 minutes.Taking a step bypasses that part of your brain that is alerted when you're trying to make a change.
Title: Positive Outcomes From Your Action  Content: Focus on what the reward is when you take action.Be very selective about what you let into your experience and surround yourself with to keep your energy as clean as possible to achieve the goals you want.
Title: Give Yourself A Hard Deadline Content: ... then put it on the calendar.Treat the deadline the same as if your boss created it, and then honor it the same way you would if your boss were waiting for you to complete the task.
Title: Be Kind To Yourself  Content: For whatever your past experience has been, refocus on doing5% more toward your goal and give yourself permission to be human at the same time.
Title: Understand The Underlying Reasons Content: Notice your thoughts, feelings, behaviors and the situation when you feel like procrastinating. Write these down.Once you understand your pattern, you can hold yourself accountable in a positive and self-compassionate way.
Title: Shut Off Your Phone And Set A Timer  Content: Set an intention and then shut off tempting interruptions.Remember, this is just another muscle you build so just set the scene to make focusing possible.
Title: Get An Accountability Partner  Content: To be accountable to another person helps us personally and professionally.Accountability implies commitment, that you not only let yourself down but that partner. Find that partner who will help you overcome procrastination.
Title: Give Yourself A Reward  Content: Make a list of things you need to do and do the one you don't want to do first. Then give yourself a little reward for doing it (a piece of candy, a few minutes on social media, etc).Then do something on your list that you want to do and continue alternating from there.
Title: Schedule 'Procrastination Time'  Content: Schedule non-working time into your day so that you allow time for cleaning your desk, taking a walk or whatever else it is that keeps you from your work.Having this time blocked in your calendar may eliminate the guilt associated with procrastination. A refreshed mind is a productive mind.
Title: Set A Few Daily Non-Negotiables  Content: A daily non-negotiable is something you commit to doing every single day no matter what. It is something you don't have to think about because you have already committed to doing it.