Health,Personal Development,Mental Health
Title: Our Seven Stress Personalities Content:  Our personality greatly impacts how we handle stress. Different personalities cope with stress, depending on various factors.The Seven stress personalities are The Pleaser, Time Keeper, The Striver, Inner Con Artist, Critical Judge, The Worrier and The Sabertooth.
Title: The Pleaser Content: This personality type wants all to be happy and can sacrifice one’s own interests for what’s best for the group. Pleasers can become resentful and may feel under-appreciated. Pleasers need to prioritize their schedule and manage time in a more balanced way, getting more done for themselves.
Title: The Timekeeper Content: This personality type likes to be in charge, and needs to feel competent and wanted.  They take on too much and feel stressed out and anxious. They need to wait a few minutes before deciding to take any new responsibilities.
Title: The Striver Content: ... is an ambitious, competitive person with a desire to excel. Strivers can burn out as they are not giving themselves time to recover. To handle stress, Strivers need to ask for help when needed and understand that everything cannot be done alone.
Title: The Inner Con Artist Content: He/she avoids hard work and does not communicate much with others, leading to gaps and problems at a later stage. Inner Con Artists need to design a realistic schedule that is workable and spark one’s motivation to work harder.
Title: The Critical Judge Content: He/she sets high standards and then gets into a downward spiral and crisis of confidence. These people are focused on their weaknesses and mistakes.To cope up with stress, these people need to understand that much of their stress is self-inflicted and they need to take some pressure off themselves.
Title: The Worrier Content: This personality type hates ambiguity and unpredictability and is constantly worried about the future, stressing about things that may or may not happen.Worriers need to focus on the present moment and get out of the future-stress mindset by simply being aware of the Now.
Title: The Sabertooth Content: This personality type is overtly negative and gets angry or frustrated easily, creating a toxic vibe around.To handle stress, these people need to pause for a minute and clear their minds before reacting to stressful situations.