Personal Development,Problem Solving,Learning & Education,Strategy
Title: The Feynman Technique Content: It is the perfect strategy for learning something new, deepening your understanding of a concept, enhancing your recall of certain ideas, or reviewing for tests.The process takes 15 minutes to master. All you need is a blank notebook and a pen or pencil.
Title: Richard Feynman Content: Richard Feynman, the Nobel Prize-winning physicist, was recognized as someone who could clearly explain complex topics in a way that everybody—even those without degrees in the sciences—could understand.While studying at Princeton, Feynman began recording and connecting the information he knew with the things that he either didn't know or didn't understand.This resulted in a complete notebook of topics and subjects that he had disassembled, translated, reassembled, and written down in simple terms.
Title: The Benefits of the Feynman Technique Content: It helps you gain a complete understanding of what you're learning.Use the Feynman Technique if you are struggling with tough subject matter.It helps to improve your teaching skills.It increases your capacity to use critical thinking skills.
Title: Verbal Communication As A Basis Content: Feynman relied heavily on verbal communication, such as when he used cartoonish diagrams to explain highly scientific principles.Feynman could easily tap into complex ideas using shapes, lines, and drawings. This method helped him strip away confusing language and permitted the power of storytelling to take precedence.
Title: The 4 Steps of the Feynman Technique Content: Choose the idea or concept to learn about.  Write the concept as a heading on a blank piece of paper or notebook page, then write down everything you already know.Imagine that you have to teach the concept to a new student. In your own words, explain the concept in simple language. Include a few examples. Review your explanation and find the areas you were unclear in.   Find answers and revise your notes. Practice step #2 again with your new notes.Can you explain the concept now to someone with no prior knowledge of the concept?
Title: Applying the Feynman Technique to Your Study Habits Content: Go over your notes and identify the specific parts of a lesson that are vague to you.You can create simple analogies to enhance your recall of concepts.Go through all of the information that you are trying to learn without referencing your notes.See how far you can get in explaining the concepts without getting stumped.