Personal Development,Health,Mental Health
Title: Push through self-limiting beliefs Content: Somewhere between childhood and adulthood our enthusiasm and natural inclinations to dream big are squashed.To make it work for you, find your limits by exposing yourself to different situationsand pushing through the uncomfortable. You’ll be amazed at what you can accomplish.
Title: Never confuse memory with facts Content: Your brain has a built-in confirmation bias. That means it stores information that is consistent with your own beliefs, values and self-image.This selective memory system helps keep the brain from getting overloaded.Revisit your self-limiting beliefs. Try to gain a more accurate perspective on the event by talking with others that might have a different perspective.
Title: Talk to yourself Content: The Navy SEALS and Special Forces use the power of positive self-talk as a way of getting through tough times.Be positive when you talk to yourself. See things as a challenge rather than a problem.
Title: Overcome your negativity bias Content: Not every new or different thing is a threat to our survival.This negativity bias can chip away at our confidence.To combat the negativity bias:Come up with 5 positive thoughts to counter every negative thought.Let every positive thought sit for 20 seconds.Acknowledge both good and bad emotions.Do not try to suppress negative ones.Label the emotions for what they truly are. Then move on.
Title: Raise your curiosity levels Content: If we remain curious, we remain teachable and grow every day.Ask questions and be curious because:It makes your mind active instead of passive.It encourages you to be more observant of new ideas.It opens up new worlds and possibilities.It creates an adventurous response.
Title: Overcome self-doubt Content: If you lack self-confidence, you will always feel like you’re at the mercy of other people.When you overcome self-doubt, you will be resilient to life's inevitable obstacles and roadblocks.Go where you are needed, not where you feel most comfortable.
Title: Face your fears Content: When we are afraid, we don't think clearly because our emotions take control.It does no good to avoid, deny or ignore the fear. Instead, spend time with your worst fear. Imagine the worst that could happen.Now focus on your breathing. Feel your body relax.You’re on your way to conquering your fear.