Health,Mental Health,Personal Development,Psychology,Habits
Title: Mental Health During Lockdown Content: All over the world, governments have implemented lockdowns, restricting all non-essential travel, closing all the places where people can gather.Lockdown isolation can lead to mental stress, and experts suggest various ways to safeguard your emotional and mental wellbeing, during this period of being alone.
Title: Lockdown Tips Content: Small things: Self-isolation can be dealt with ‘micro-lifts’, small, quick activities like saying hi to someone on FaceTime, joining an online group, or learning a bit of a new language.A healthy diet: While it can be tempting to just sit on the sofa with zero movements, or snacking all day, it is a good idea to eat well, and eat healthily.
Title: Engage With Nature Content: Whatever the limits and constraints, try to get some nature exposure and exercise, even in a garden, terrace or balcony. You can also take care of the houseplants or open the windows to let fresh air in the room.
Title: Maintain Your Routine Content: Keep bathing and brushing your teeth as before, and go to bed at healthy times to get adequate sleep. Try doing something else apart from eating, sleeping and watching Netflix. Any hobby or activity helps.
Title: Screen Exposure Content: Avoid sitting in front of screens all day: Long periods of screen gazing, whether it’s a TV, PC or a smartphone, can disrupt your sleep and deteriorate your overall wellbeing. This is due to the blue light that most devices emit. Try getting into arts and crafts, listening to podcasts, knitting, meditation, cooking new stuff, writing, gardening, or reading.
Title: Staying Positive Content: Stay Connected: Even during a lockdown, we can be social using email, social media, video conferencing and the phone.Limit your news intake: Too much virus news all day can harm your mental health. Limit news intake to a few times a day.The Negative Spiral: Self-isolation can sometimes thrust us into a negative spiral if we start to overthink and be self-critical. It is best to stay positive and optimistic.