Health,Personal Development,Mental Health,Time Management
Title: Distress Breaks Content: Schedule five minutes for every working hour in which you can take deep breathes, stretch, or even meditate.To breathe deeply, inhale for five seconds, hold, then exhale for five seconds. You can also use YouTube for guided stretches and meditation.
Title: View, Smell Or Touch Plants Content: Add to your desk a fragrant plant and smell it when you feel stressed. Also, feeling their leaves lets you use a different part of your brain, and restores your attention to something natural, instead of lists and demands.If you can’t have plants,looking out the window at trees or greenery.
Title: Grab a Healthy Snack Content: Hunger and dehydration play a huge role in agitating and exacerbating stress. So, if you are angry or dehydrated, grab a glass of water and some healthful snacks you can nosh on at your desk.
Title: Hang a Nature Poster Content: Views of nature improve satisfaction, lower stress levels and the need for pain-killing medication, and shorten in hospital patients. A nature poster by your desk can give you similar results andlead to more kindness between co-workers, and better focus.
Title: Use Your Lunch Break To Your Advantage Content: If you can, spend your lunchtime doing more than just eating. That could mean walking, reading a book, or even watching a movie.The goal is to get away from your desk, preferably out in the fresh air, and focus on something other than your work during your lunch.
Title: Relaxing Nature Sounds Content: Use a soundtrack of nature sounds to soothe yourself and help to release your stress.Whatever nature sound you choose, this white noise can lower blood pressure, pulse rate, and cortisol levels, all of which are elevated in highly stressed people.
Title: Turn Off Your Notifications. Content: From the buzz of your phone to your computer’s alerts, thisconstant barrage of notifications can cause stress. Switching off notifications for a few minutes lets you relax and appreciate more important things.