Personal Development,Reading & Writing,Habits,Problem Solving
Title: Building a writing habit Content: Writing helps you better remember what you read, even if you're just taking notes.When it comes to personal growth, writing helps you generate new ideas, set goals, keep a journal, or increase your ability to understand.It's also a main component of the mindframing method to get things done.
Title: Mindframing Content: It is about actively shaping your mind frames to reach your goals. If your goal is to learn or create, three mindframes will yield the most progress.Growth mindset - you don't see your abilities as fixed and see failures as opportunities for growth.Self-authorship - You don't rely on external authorities to define your beliefs and values.Metacognition - being able to see what you know and don't know and creating strategies for learning and problem-solving.
Title: Writing to shape your mind frames Content: Taking the time to write can quickly increase your ability to shape your mind frames to achieve your goals.Growth mindset. It would be absurd to always write about the exact same thing. Writing regularly will push you to progress and keep learning.Self-authorship. Writing is an act of self-authorship where you define your own voice and express your own values and beliefs.Metacognition. Writing your thoughts down will compel you to think about your thinking. Any vague ideas need to be clearly defined.
Title: The PARI steps Content: Mindframing consists of four PARI steps.You first create a Pact with yourself or others.Then you Act on it by studying the topic you committed to master.You React to the content you studied by producing and publishing your own content.You create something or work on a project with a bigger Impact that puts everything you learned into practice.
Title: How to incorporate writing in your mindframing practice Content: Writing helps you at every step in your mindframing process.Pact. Writing down your commitment will enable you to stick to it. It is even better to write it somewhere public, such as a tweet or a blog article.Act. Documenting your learning or creative process encourages you to keep working towards your goal - for example, a specific hashtag or a newsletter with a fixed schedule.React. This step is about producing content. Writing is a quick way to create your version of what you learned.Impact. The objective is to create something bigger. Write to consolidate your knowledge 