Economics
Title: Microeconomics Content: ... deal with the behavior of individuals, households and firms with regards to resource allocation.In short, microeconomics are about what choices people make, how those choices affect the market, and why those choices are being made (what influences them).
Title: Consumer Choice Content: What customers want is reflected into their expenditures and their choices affect demand curves. These are graphs showing the relationship between supply and demand for a given good (or labor, or asset).Consumer choice analyzes how consumers maximize the usefulness of their purchases according to their budget constraints. 
Title: Production Content: As suggested by the name, this is a process of creation, the result of which brings value to individuals.The stakeholders (i.e. those with an interest in a producing company) are grouped as follows:CustomersSuppliersProducers
Title: Cost of Production Content: This theory is about what consistutes the price of an item. It states that the cost is the sum of the resources that went into making it. This includes labor, captial, land (known as the factors of production), and taxation.Adam Smith, regarded as the father of modern economics, is the best-known proponent of such theories.
Title: Opportunity Cost Content: Suppose you have a 30' break. You can watch show A or show B. You pick show A. Show B is the opportunity cost, i.e. the next-best thing you missed.It's the same thing in economics, only that here opportunity costs are split into:Explicit costs - out-of-pocket costs: you spedn $2 for an ice cream, you have $2 less;Implicit costs - hideen costs of what you could've made with those resources you spent: you spent 10' to go get that ice cream, 10' during which you could've worked.
Title: Market Structure Content: There are a few market types:Monopoly, where a market (or industry) is dominated by a single supplier, which thus has a big influence on prices and supply.Oligopoly, where there is a small number of key players in a market. This can lead to collusion, when they secretly make agreements to limit competition.Monopsony, where there is one buyer and mutiple sellers. If there's also a monopoly, a bilateral monopoly is formed.Perfect competition, where customers are perfectly informed of the products being sold and no seller has enough market power to dictate prices themselves.