Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: Denying you have a problem Content: Stop saying that you don't have enough time to complete your commitments.Admit that you need to get better at managing your time and start searching and trying techniques that will help you reach your goals.
Title: Not planning your day Content: It's important to have an idea of what your daily priorities are and tasks you need to complete, preferably the night before.Also, make sure you prepare in the evening the outfit you're going to wear and the meals for the following day. Doing this will save time in the morning, and reduce decision fatigue.
Title: "Urgent" vs "Important" Content: Take all of your tasks and place them into four quadrants:To do first:the most important responsibilities that need to be done today or tomorrow.Schedule:important tasks that are not urgent.Delegate: essential items that are not important.Don't do: tasks that aren't important or urgent.
Title: Improper delegation Content: You don't have to be doing everything — check your ego and delegate.For example, if you don't have a staff, outsource specific jobs to freelancers: hire a personal assistant to manage your calendar, email, social accounts or blog.
Title: Waking up early Content: You don't have to wake up early to be productive.Instead, you have to figure outwhen you have the most energy and focus during the day and complete your most important tasks then.It's all about working around your peak productivity.
Title: Being inflexible Content: No matter how well planned you are, you will get interrupted. That's why it's crucial that your calendar has some flexibility.
Title: Being “perfect” Content: We all strive to deliver quality work, but constantly aiming for perfection is unrealistic.Often the pressure we put on ourselves to "be perfect" leads us to pressure other people about their issues. It's not worth it.
Title: Over-and-under committing time Content: It's not always easy to determine how long it will take you to finish a task — but usually, it takes longer than you think it will.Keep a time log for at least a week to see how you spend your time.
Title: Cleaning your workspace daily Content: It's acceptable to have a little clutter around your workspace. This doesn't mean you have to leave food wrappings on your desk or never putting tools back to their place after using them.If you don't have the time, then there's no need to stress yourself out about a small mess. Set aside a day per week to organize your space.
Title: Working non-stop Content: Regardless of how much you have on your plate, everyone needs breaks to refocus and recharge.Your break could be a 10-minute walk between tasks, but try to unplug completely during non-business hours.
Title: Time management systems Content: Experiment with various time management techniques until you find the system that works best for you.It will take some trial and error but until effectively manage your time, you'll constantly battle the clock.