Health,Mental Health,Personal Development
Title: Stress and motivation Content: Used effectively, stress can motivate us to accomplish more than we had imagined possible. Stress can jolt us to reach our potential. Without stress, we’d feel rudderless and without purpose.However, while a little stress can help us stay motivated, chronic stress can leave us irritable, depressed, distracted and anxious.
Title: Not all stress is bad for you Content: “Good stress”: which psychologists refer to as “eustress,” is the stress we feel when we’re excited about something.Acute stress: when something surprises us or catches us off guard. Acute stress is the body’s response to ensure you react and take measures to deal with the unexpected situation. It hasno lasting negative effects if we deal with it quickly and move on. 
Title: Build your resilience Content: Resilience is how we deal with stress effectively so we “bounce back” after a difficult time.As we deal with issues that cause tension and strain, we learn to face adversity, deal with significant issues and overcome problems. We learn how to formulate realistic plans and carry them out.
Title: Deal with chronic stress Content: Even “good stress” left to fester unresolved for too long can turn into bad, chronic stress.Tap into your support system by reaching out to friends and loved ones. With assistance from others, you’ll can face challenges and problems head-on. Doing so will give you a sense of accomplishment and resolution.
Title: Recognize your limits Content: The golden rule for dealing with stress is knowing when to say no.You have to learn to refrain from accepting more commitments than you are capable of handling.Don’t kill yourself trying to make everyone happy and squeeze everything in.
Title: Determine what you can control Content: There’s a lot that’s completely out of your control but . In fact, all you have direct control over is yourself and your actions.You have sway and influence over a variety of other things, but you can only completely control yourself. So stay in control of yourself and don't blame others for your actions.
Title: Ruminating and problem-solving Content: When you find yourself stuck on something and are rehashing it in your mind, ask yourself whether you’re ruminating or actually problem-solving.Make sure that you’re focused on seeking solutions, thinking about ways to mitigate an issue or how to prevent problems from blowing up even bigger.
Title: Find the opportunity Content: Stress is indicative of change: something is happening and you’re forced to respond to that demand.Try to condition yourself to see stress as an opportunity and use it to your advantage. Stress can help you embrace change and make any necessary modifications. Stressful situations force us to make adjustments, innovate and be creative.