Personal Development,Technology & The Future,Science & Nature
Title: Teleportation Content: Teleportation is the idea in which we step into a sort of scanner and instantaneously find ourselves somewhere else.There are two ways this can'(t) be done: physical deconstruction at x and reconstitution at y or the translation of one's person into data to be transmitted, and then to be reconverted into matter (like some sort of fax machine).
Title: Teleportation is possible in principle Content: Recently, scientists were able to "teleport" photons to a satellite 300 miles away, using "quantum entanglement." This is where a pair of photons are able to simultaneously share the same state, even when separated by distance. Change the state of one particle, and the other changes too.Teleportation can have big implications for a new “quantum internet.” It will be faster, more powerful, unhackable.
Title: Teleporting humans Content: Scientists are still working out how to teleport photons. Assuming they figure out how to teleport atoms, then molecules, the amount of bits to record and transmit, is unthinkable. A person is made of an estimated 32 trillion cells. They would require a huge bandwidth and roughly 10th gigawatt-hours of power. Teleporting one person would require using the entire UK power supply for more than a million years and take 4.8 million million years to transfer - that is if you survive the transfer.  It would be quicker to walk.
Title: Human teleportation may be possible Content: Human teleportation may be possible within 100 years. The transport of a simple molecule may be possible in the next 10 years, followed by DNA.Perhaps warping spacetime could count as a method of teleportation, similar to the folded paper analogy, where you bring two distant points together by simply "folding" spacetime dot-to-dot to create an Einstein Rosen Bridge. However, it is entirely theoretical.But, maybe teleportation is a step too far - just because you can think it, doesn't mean you can do it.