Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Habits,Entrepreneurship
Title: Overcome the tyranny of the present Content: People who are always "in the moment" don't look ahead and make plans to pursue their goals and dreams.There are things you need to do every day, much of what you think you need to do isn't particularly important--especially where your long-term goals are concerned.
Title: Eliminate "nice to do" tasks Content: Ask, Is this really necessary? Do you need to have that meeting? In many cases, you don't, but you do anyway simply because that's what you've always done.Eliminate as many "nice to do" tasks as possible - you'll have more time to be effective where it really matters.
Title: Reprioritize Content: Sometimes the answer to "Is this really necessary?" is "Yes, but not right now." What is the most important thing you need to do today?Reset your calendar and reprioritize. Getting stuff done is fine, but getting the right stuff done is what really matters.
Title: Understand your operating rhythm Content: We all work differently. Some like to hit the ground running. Others like to start the day by reflecting, meditating, and thinking. Some like to work into the night.Understand how you like to work and how you work best. Do some experiments to figure out what works best for you.
Title: The important tasks come first Content: What are your priorities for the month? The week? Today? Determine what they are and do those things first.Why would you work on less important tasks when the truly important items are where you create the most value--whether for your business or your life?
Title: Time for unconscious thought Content: Research shows people tend to make their best decisions when they have an opportunity to review the data and facts and then focus their thought on something else for a while.How? Take a walk. Do a mindless chore. Exercise. Do something where your body goes on autopilot and your mind does too.
Title: Set boundaries Content: No one can or should be on 24/7. Yet you probably feel you are--because you allow yourself to be.Set some boundaries: the time you'll stop working, certain times you'll do things with your family, certain times you won't take calls, etc. Then let people know those boundaries.
Title: Be strategic with "yes" and "no" Content: Sometimes you simply need to say no. Other times you can say, "No, unless..." and add stipulations. The same is true with yes: Saying, "Yes, but only if..." creates guidelines.Always consider the effect of a request on your most important goals. An automatic yes also automatically takes time away from what you need to get done.
Title: Tame your distractions Content: Most people are distracted over 30 times an hour: phone calls, emails, texts, office drop-ins... The list is endless.Schedule blocks of time when you'll turn off alerts. The only way to stay on schedule is to work on your own schedule--not on that of other people.
Title: Remember your impact Content: If you're a leader you naturally impact other people. You set a direction. You set a standard.Be a great role model: a person who gets important tasks done, who stays on point, who focuses on achieving goals and dreams ... and who helps other people achieve their goals and dreams.