Personal Development,Habits,Health,Time Management,Productivity
Title: Habits define your energy levels Content: Tine is not the basis for productivity. Energy is.Having all the time in the world won’t help you if you’re exhausted for most of it. Having good habits help in keeping you energized and be more resilient to burn out, both physically and mentally.
Title: Sleep is the foundation of our energy Content: Poor sleep means you will start to underperform.Research says 7-8 hours are pretty much mandatory if you’re going to stay cognitively sharp in the long-run.
Title: Napping benefits Content: Even if it may feel lazy, napping has a range of cognitive benefits.This is particularly true if you’re doing a lot of learning since the short burst of sleep can help with memory.
Title: Get your most important work done in the morning Content: Energy levels depend a lot on your mood. If you’ve got some important work done, your mood is usually good and you feel productive.If you’ve wasted time on emails, meetings or calls, you’re often frustrated and exhausted entering the second half of the day.
Title: Exercise every day Content: Exercise is a long-term investment in your energy levels. It’s easy to cut in the short-term, but over time you’ll reduce your overall fitness, making it harder to focus and stay alert throughout the day.
Title: Set your intention the day before Content: Write your goals for the next day before you go to bed. This way, you'll waste no time deciding what to do next the following day and you'll keep the momentum going.
Title: Sell yourself on your goals Content: Frame your goals in an exciting and motivating way, not just like something you "have to do".Remind yourself why you're pursuing them, what inspires you and what you hope to achieve.
Title: Get better friends Content: If your conversations with your friends leave you feeling drained, then maybe it's time to make some changes.You don't have to exclude friends who are going through temporarily rough times, but assess your relationships and be aware of who you spend your time with and the value this really brings to your life.
Title: Read better books Content: The best books aren’t those that teach you facts, but those that subtly change your entire thinking patterns.Just like a good song can be the background for a particular emotion, a good book can be the background for a particular energy of thinking.
Title: Align your life Content: Take the time to identify the different conflicts in your life and find ways to solve them.