Communication,Personal Development,Career
Title: Conversations Starters: The Importance of Body Language And Remembering Names Content: Always establish eye contact, smile, and introduce yourself first. Then listen and remember the names of the other people in the group.To remember people's names, focus, repeat the name, think of someone you know with that name, use the name in conversation, and say it again when leaving a conversation.
Title: Making Small Talk Content: Small talk topics are the best source of conversation between people who don't know each other well. Learning to make small talk can help to build your confidence so that you can be less anxious, make connections, and develop your social skills.A way to alleviate anxiety is to prepare for common topics. Making small talk involves not only knowing what to say and what not to say but persisting on overcoming your urge to avoid it altogether.
Title: Notes On Small Talk Content: The goal of small talk is to build a bridge between people. Subject is irrelevant, as long as you have one.Focus on what you'd like to learn about others and things you enjoy talking about.Ask follow-up questions and listen between the lines as well.Do not bring up emotionally upsetting topics.Avoid having one-sided conversations. If no one else knows or is interested in what you’re talking about, don't go into detail about it.The best small talk topics are those to which everyone can relate.
Title: Good Conversation Starters Content: Weather: Major weather events or the immediate weather are good picks.Popular and interesting arts and entertainment topics.Sports: good way for strangers to connect.Daily news: from your city and the world.Family: this teaches you a lot about someone in a short period of time.Job: If your work is hard to explain, consider keeping business cards in your wallet.Vacations: if you travel, prepare to answer questions and give opinions about the places you have visited.Travel: people love to talk about their favorite spots and what they recommend.Popular celebrities.Hobbies: people like to talk about theirs and may be interested in yours.Hometowns: are a common subject, so have interesting anecdotes to tell.
Title: Bad Conversation Starters Content: Questions about salary are often considered intrusive and inappropriate.Avoid talking about politics and religion, as many have strongly held opinions about it.Sexuality, age, appearance, past relationships and death are also very heartfelt and intimate topics.Gossip about people that you know personally is best avoidedKeep sensitive jokes for your best friends or replace them with jokes that don't have time and place restrictions.