Personal Development,Problem Solving,Time Management,Health
Title: The Priming Effect Content: Your mind is able to fill in missing details by matching them to existing information. It also cross-references and bounces between linked associations. This priming effect even works when you are not consciously aware of it. For instance, you can break an object or obscure part of it, and your brain can still recognize the object.Be aware that seemingly subtle influences matter. If your senses perceive it, your mind is processing it. A slight change in input can have a notable influence on the outcome.
Title: Conscious Priming Content: Being aware of the priming effect presents us with huge benefits for personal growth. By actively guiding your priming influences, you can create a permanent and lasting improvement in your life.For instance, writing words on a board like flow, focus, success, complete will prime you to ensure that your work meets that criteria.
Title: Think Improvement, Not Perfection Content: With the knowledge of how priming is influencing you, don't nitpick every detail of your environment. Pace yourself and tackle the most frequent influences first.For instance, prime the place where you spend most of your time. Clear out clutter or put up pictures you enjoy to ensure your office is relaxing and pleasurable.
Title: Prime Your Mind For Quality Content: Get some quality pens.Get a quality timer to prime your thoughts for efficiency, speed and professionalism.Invest in a quality mugthat primes you with desirable thoughts.Buy a quality toothbrush.Buy food of the best quality.
Title: Dressing for Success Content: Some people recommend wearing nice clothes to prime thoughts like success, wealth, and professionalism.Interestingly, wearing nice clothes also primes the thoughts of other people to respond to you in a certain way.
Title: Daily Affirmations Content: Daily affirmations work to an extent but lose their influence as soon as you stop doing them. Daily affirmations of one kind can be undone if your next step is in the opposite direction. For instance, telling yourself that you are attracting financial abundance, but then you re-prime your mind with thoughts of scarcity or laziness by checking an overfull email inbox on an old and slow computer.
Title: Using the Best Tools Content: Your brain is constantly being affected by your environment. Start feeding your mind new input that is in line with your desires.Remove those influences that pull you down.Don't worry about what you can't do for now. Think of how you can improve, not if you can attain perfection.