Motivation & Inspiration,Philosophy,Mindfulness,Travel,Creativity
Title: What do you desire the most Content: What do you desire the most? “Desire  ” is the emotion of longing or hoping for a person, object, or outcome. The same sense is expressed by words such as “craving”. When a person desires something or someone, their sense of longing is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of the item or person, and they want to take actions to obtain their goal.There’s no waste to life if you’re happy living it. Your happiness is the root of your desires. So take a few moments and really think about what makes you happy. Is it traveling? Being around children? Owning a successful business? Your significant other? Financial freedom? Once you pinpoint the one thing (Oh wait, there can be many)  that makes you happy the most, you’ll have a pretty clear idea of what you should strive for in your life. More..
Title: The desire Content: What do you desire the most?  Not like, not interest, not attraction. Your DESIRE. Yes, desire in life, what is it?  Let’s dive into this subject, a bit deeper today..
Title: Emotional longing Content: “Desire  ” is the emotion of longing or hoping for a person, object, or outcome. The same sense is expressed by words such as “craving”. When a person desires something or someone, their sense of longing is excited by the enjoyment or the thought of the item or person, and they want to take actions to obtain their goal.
Title: Are you happy? Content: There’s no waste to life if you’re happy living it. Your happiness is the root of your desires. So take a few moments and really think about what makes you happy. Is it traveling? Being around children? Owning a successful business? Your significant other? Financial freedom? Once you pinpoint the one thing (Oh wait, there can be many)  that makes you happy the most, you’ll have a pretty clear idea of what you should strive for in your life.
Title: It's been here for centuries Content: The energy called desire has been condemned for centuries. Almost all the so-called saints have been against it, because desire is life and they were all life-negative. Desire is the very source of all that you see, and they were against all that which is visible.