Money & Investments,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Shopping Addiction Content: Compulsive shopping is when chronic, repetitive buying habits have serious consequences and become a disorder, similar to drug addiction. Conscious spending is one of ways we can overcome this emotional need to buy stuff.An inability to handle money effectively and lack of impulse control makes us spend like crazy. Our emotions take over and we feel comfort in spending, and we unconsciously spend on stuff we don’t need, creating a vicious circle of debt followed by further compulsive spending.
Title: Overspenders Content: People do not even know that they are addicted to shopping and are unable to understand the problem. Their confused relationship with money is looked upon by them as a symptom of the other problems of their lives. Many victims feel lost and are unable to control themselves out of the addiction consciously.
Title: Warning Signs Of Shopping Addiction Content: Shopping due to being angry, sad or disappointed.Shopping being the reason for problems or chaos.Having arguments with others regarding spending habits.Not leaving home without the credit card.Buying on credit what cannot be bought by cash.The act of spending causing anxiety and euphoria.Shopping with a gambling mindset.Feeling ashamed, embarrassed or guilty about buying useless stuff.Lying and juggling bills and accounts to be able to spend more.
Title: Fight Shopping Addiction Content: Stop trying to rationalize credit purchases, getting rid of all the credit cards and switching to cash only. Not even the checkbook or debit card has to be kept handy.Track down every dollar spent, analysing your spending patterns.Understand your mind and the need to shop, training yourself to stop, just like getting over a smoking addiction.Ensure that the temptation areas, like Amazon, or shopping malls, are not easy to access or visit.Remind yourself of your future goals.Ask for help from a close friend, or even professional counselling.
Title: 9 Questions Before Buying Something Content: Before buying anything, ask yourself:Is the stuff usable now or will it just get stacked along other unopened stuff?Does it already exist in my cupboard?Is there a place to put this at home?Is paying cash worth for this?Is a cheaper version available for this item?Can this item be arranged without actually buying it?Can it be bought later, or is it really needed today itself?Are there any better options available that could be bought instead of this?What will my partner/spouse/parents say about this?