Personal Development,Health,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Spend time with furry friends Content: Play fetch with Fido or sneak in a few cuddles with your kitten.Interacting with your pets can release oxytocin in the brain ― you know, the “warm and fuzzy” hormone ― resulting in that joyous feeling.
Title: Count your blessings Content: There’s nothing like a little thankfulness to boost your mood. Research shows expressing gratitude can make you happier.Try writing down three things you’re thankful for at the end of each night.
Title: Remind yourself how great you are Content: Studies show self-acceptance is crucial to a happier life, but it’s a habit we barely practice.
Title: Call your mom Content: Research suggests hearing your mom’s voice can help reduce stress. And less stress means a happier you.
Title: Meditate Content: Research shows that allowing yourself a few moments of zen-like escape each day may make you happier.
Title: Listen to music Content: Research shows that trying to boost your mood while listening to music actually can help lift you to a more positive state.Studies also suggest listening to sad music can help boost positive feelings.
Title: Give back Content: We didn’t get to where we are without a little help, so why not extend that same generosity to someone else?Not only will your kindness influence others, but studies show it’ll also make you happier, too.
Title: Spend money on experiences Content: A fulfilling life doesn’t lie in our possessions, it’s found in the experiences we have and the people we share them with.Spend money on a trip, a concert or any other experience that will bring you joy. Science says you’ll be happier in the long run.
Title: Challenge yourself Content: Work for that promotion or take on that marathon.It’s a lovely treat for your mind, according to Gretchen Rubin“The brain is stimulated by surprise, and successfully dealing with an unexpected situation gives a powerful sense of satisfaction.”
Title: Get enough sleep Content: More sleep = A happier you.Too little shuteye slows down our cognitive processes and increases the risk of depression.
Title: Embrace the aging process Content: Most people wish they could avoid aging, but studies show that we’re happier as we get older.Experts theorize this could be because the older we get, the more we reflect on positive experiences.
Title: Show your appreciation Content: Give someone else a compliment.Your generosity will make your day and theirs.
Title: Keep a one-sentence journal Content: Research shows recording these everyday events may make us happier later on because we appreciate them a lot more when they’re revisited.In other words, if you ate a scrumptious chocolate brownie on Wednesday, write it down.
Title: Stop to smell the flowers Content: One study on how scent affects joy found that participants who were in a floral-scented room selected three times as many happiness-related terms than negative terms.
Title: Try to cut back on work Content: Residents of Denmark, one of the happiest countries in the world, spend less time than most Americans in the office.Only 2 percent of Danes work long hours, which is categorized as 50 hours per week. And full-time workers still devote 66 percent of their day to self-care, like eating and sleeping.
Title: Celebrate little victories Content: There’s power in small moments.“I think when we take time to notice the things that go right — it means we’re getting a lot of little rewards throughout the day,” Susan Weinschenk, author of How to Get People to Do Stuff.