Health,Personal Development,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)  Content: A health condition that affects an individual’s ability to breathe well, often associated with other conditions such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis. Symptoms include: wheezing, chest tightness, shortness of breath, and large amounts of mucus that collect in the lungs.Symptoms can worsen with time, but practicing breathing exercises can help you to manage them.
Title: Pursed lip breathing Content: While keeping your mouth closed, take a deep breath in through your nose, counting to 2. The breath does not have to be deep.Put your lips together as if you are starting to whistle or blow out candles on a birthday cake. This is known as “pursing” your lips.While continuing to keep your lips pursed, slowly breathe out by counting to 4. Don’t try to force the air out, but instead breathe out slowly through your mouth.
Title: Pursed lip breathing benefits: Content: It’s been shown to reduce how hard a person has to work to breathe.It helps release air trapped in the lungs.It promotes relaxation.It reduces shortness of breath.Practice it 4 to 5 times per day, daily.Pursed lip breathing is best for performing strenuous activities, such as climbing stairs.
Title: Coordinated breathing Content: Inhale through your nose before beginning an exercise.While pursing your lips, breathe out through your mouth during the most strenuous part of the exercise. An example could be when curling upward on a bicep curl.Coordinated breathing can be performed when you’re exercising or feeling anxious.
Title: Deep breathing Content: Sit or stand with your elbows slightly back. This allows your chest to expand more fully.Inhale deeply through your nose.Hold your breath as you count to 5.Release the air via a slow, deep exhale, through your nose, until you feel your inhaled air has been released.Deep breathing prevents air from getting trapped in your lungs, which can cause you to feel short of breath. As a result, you can breathe in more fresh air.
Title: Huff cough Content: Place yourself in a comfortable seated position. Inhale through your mouth, slightly deeperthan you would when taking a normal breath.Activate your stomach muscles to blow the air out in three even breaths while making the sounds “ha, ha, ha.” Imagine you are blowing onto a mirror to cause it to steam.A huff cough should be less tiring than a traditional cough, and it can keep you from feeling worn out when coughing up mucus.
Title: Diaphragmatic breathing Content: While sitting or lying down with your shoulders relaxed, put a hand on your chest and place the other hand on your stomach.Take a breath in through your nose for 2 seconds, feeling your stomach move outward. You’re doing the activity correctly if your stomach moves more than your chest.Purse your lips and breathe out slowly through your mouth, pressing lightly on your stomach. This will enhance your diaphragm’s ability to release air.Repeat the exercise as you are able to.