Communication,Love & Relationships,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Manipulation by passive and covert aggression Content: Passive-aggression is an indirect way to go on the offensive. An example is when someone tries to "get you back" by resisting cooperation and giving you the "silent treatment."Covert-aggression is calculated and underhanded to get what they want while keeping their aggressive intentions hidden. Covert aggressive people want to do bad while looking perfectly good.
Title: What a covert aggressive looks like Content: They pretend to be innocent, ignorant, or confused when they did something awful. This tactic is to make you question your judgment.They don't give a straight answer to a straight question, but evade the question or change the subject when cornered.They lie by omission or distortion by deliberately being vague.They may either respond with charm and flattery, of will suddenly be angry. They'll play the victim and make themselves out to be the one in distress.They rationalize by giving a plausible excuse for engaging in inappropriate behavior, or they will downplay their behavior.Covert aggressives don't feel bad, but they know you do. They will send you on a guilt trip so you will lighten your accusations.
Title: How to deal with a covert-aggressive person Content: Let go of the pretense that if you play nice, they will play nice. Know your vulnerabilities and focus on the one thing that really needs to change: yourself. You can only control what you do.Set some boundaries for yourself. Be prepared for the consequences and set a support system.Memorize the list of tactics used by an aggressive person. Then it is easier to recognize the attack.If you're willing to accept an excuse, know that they will fling excuses at you until one stick. Stay calm and polite, and avoid sarcasm, hostility, or threats. Without being rude, be specific about what you expect or want from the other person. Aggressives will only participate if they can get something out of it. If they have to lose, they'll make sure you go down too. Ensure you propose win-win solutions