Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Leadership & Management,Business
Title: Do many things Content: It's better to have lots of options and interests than none at all.Make a list of all the things you're interested in, pick two to focus on first and then get busy. If you realize it's not what you thought it would be, scratch it off of your list and move on.
Title: Always stay true to yourself Content: We often try to place limits on ourselves after we've invested so much money in school and we move into the working world feeling stuck at jobs with horrible bosses, low pay and in cities that just aren't what we expected.Stop doing what you hate and begin taking the steps to do what you love. You don't have to feel confined to a box and you shouldn't worry about being defined by one thing.
Title: Focus on you Content: You won't find your passion by watching and comparing where you are in life to others.You also can't compare your beginning to someone else's middle.
Title: Let go of fear Content: Fear is the ultimate buzz kill. It can convince you to pass up some of the most amazing opportunities all because you can't see past taking that first step.In order to find your passion, big leaps of faith are always needed.
Title: Be still Content: Giving ourselves a moment of stillness to simply do nothing is just what we need to realize that what we are passionate about has been right in front of us the entire time.
Title: Forget about the money Content: A dollar amount should never be the determining factor of what you do in life.When you are truly passionate about something, you do it because you genuinely love doing it first and then you figure out how to make a living from it.
Title: Everyone won't "get" you Content: Limit the amount of advice you solicit from people who are not qualified to offer their advice on what you're doing with your life. Some people will never "get" you or your visions and that's okay.Surround yourself with people who can propel you further while you're busy working toward understanding your passion.