Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Mindfulness,Psychology
Title: Recognizing warning signs Content: The most dangerous emotions are the ones you don’t know are affecting you.When you know what happens when the worries start, you’ll be relieved and you'll also be able to do something constructive about them. So make a list with thoughts you have when you get worried, physical sensations and also actions you feel driven to take.
Title: Anxiety vs. Fear Content: Fear is what you feel in the moment when someone comes at you with a knife.Anxiety is about the anticipation of an event. Anxiety is often problem-solving — but without the solving part.
Title: Avoiding bad feelings doesn't work Content: Whenever you have the urge to avoid, you need to realize that’s an opportunity to weaken your worries. It’s a chance to practice more mindfulness. Shift your focus away from your thoughts and back to the concrete world.
Title: Mindfulness = anxiety antidote Content: Trying to push the worries out of your head is inherently problematicbecause to be vigilant about not thinking about something, your brain needs to keep it in mind.Mindfulness does the opposite by making you aware of your state of anxiousness.
Title: Build the Mindfulness muscles Content: Acceptance: accept that the worries are here and stop trying to make them go away.Attention: get out of your thoughts and focus on the world around you. Labeling: When a worry pops up, label it as “a worrying thought.” It’s not you. Do not identify with it and don't let it overtake you.
Title: Practices to tend to your emotions Content: Catch yourself worrying.Turn your attention to your body and notice sensations you can identify (muscles are tense, heart beating nausea). Don’t get involved with your worrisome thoughts.Try to label or name your emotion, whether it’s anxiety, dread, fear, trepidation, anger, irritation, shame, or sadness. Tell yourself thatit’s okay that you feel what you feel, that your emotion won’t kill you, and try your best to simply let it be there for as long as it’s there.
Title: Opposite Action Content: It’s a technique where you deliberately expose yourself to the thing that is making you anxious.It helps your brain to figure out which places or people are not actually dangerous and don’t need to be avoided. Once your brain makes that connection, your fear tends to diminish, you stop wanting to avoid things or people, and your life opens up so that you have more freedom to go where you want to go and do what you want to do.