Personal Development,Time Management,Health,Problem Solving,Productivity
Title: Working alone Content: Being in a space that's free from distractions while managing your time may sound perfect. But working alone is not a cure-all. Remote work can make you realize that the battle was never external; it's internal.Working alone is about creating a space where concentration becomes accessible. However, sitting in solitude for a few minutes makes you get up to grab a snack or check Twitter. Or you don't know when to call it a day.
Title: Going with the flow Content: Elements to help you reach a state of flow.There are specific goals every step of the way.There is immediate feedback to your actions.There is a balance between challenges and skills.Action and awareness are merged.Distractions are excluded from consciousness.There is no worry of failure.Self-consciousness disappears.The sense of time becomes distorted.The activity becomes autotelic.To allow this deep work to occur requires you to be vigilant about outside interruptions.
Title: The ability to face distractions Content: Solitude can initially make you squirm but later becomes a bedrock for intense concentration and creativity. Deflect distractions and use solitude to your advantage:Listen to the sounds of nature. It calms the storm of thoughts and allows you to focus on the task at hand.Accept imperfection. Don't chase an "ideal" work environment; accept what you have.
Title: Know when the day is done Content: A routine is vital to get you to reach a deeper state of mind.Be very clear and deliberate about what you should do, what you can't do, or wouldn't do. Without boundaries, you will work into the night, thinking you are productive.
Title: Find your natural habitat Content: We can learn through experimentation which environments are best suited for us at specific times of the day. Keep tabs on your mood and productivity when you're in different settings.The fun of working alone is doing it on your terms. Don't let a productivity blog tell you the"right" way to work.