Personal Development,Communication,Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: Empathy Mindset Content: Listening: Ask questions in with the goal to understand.Appreciation: Show sincere appreciation and celebration of others’ contributions.Self-Awareness: Part of feeling what others feel is also about understanding your own biases and limiting beliefs.Judgment: When people seek advice or share a problem, they are not looking for your criticism.Presence: Time is one of our most valuable assets, so be there fully.
Title: Emotional Intelligence Content: Being aware of how your behavior affects others is at the heart of emotional intelligence.This meansbuilding self-awareness, self-management, social awareness, and relationship management.
Title: Effective Communication Content: Consider the following principles:Intention: Know what you want to say and be clear about your objective.Organization: Take the time to organize your thoughts and deliver them in a straightforward way.Framing:“I think, I feel” is much more effective than starting with “you,” which puts people on the defensive.Affirmation: Asking if the information makes sense may reveal a potential problem.
Title: Curiosity + Instigation Content: Curiosity is a natural part of any creative cycle. It paves the way for “possibility thinking,” rather than business as usual.Instigation is an invitation to challenge quick fixes, lackluster solutions and mediocrity.
Title: Strategic Analysis and Analytical Thinking Content: Strategic analysis helps to identify complex problems by providing a top-level view into the interconnected web of what can often seem like isolated issues.Analytical thinking enables people to suspend emotional decision making and instead look logically at evidence-based research and tests.
Title: Complex Problem Solving Content: In order to get into problem-solving mode, you need to understand the true problem at hand, identify challenges in the way, resist simple solutions, identify constraints and pathways to feasibility, and, above all, make sure you’re open to experimentation.
Title: Conflict Resolution Content: Among the most effective skills to learn in order to resolve conflict are mastering deep listening, mediation and facilitation.Giving people the benefit of the doubt and leading with curiosity are also powerful tools.
Title: Negotiation and Persuasion Content: They are not required just for thesales team. You need to be clear about what you want and what you’re willing to let go of to get it. 
Title: Leadership Content: A great leader willunderstand that it’s not enough to build a culture, it needs to be protected and maintained.A great leader also needs to make difficult decisions and hold everyone, including themselves, accountable. 