Communication,Love & Relationships,Career
Title: Seek to understand Content: People tend to disagree when they don't understand each other.That does not mean you have to agree, just that you're open to hearing them out.When you come to an understanding that most of us are more alike then we are different, you can begin to tolerate and accommodate--even appreciate--a different point of view
Title: Look beyond your own triggers Content: Whatever may have happened in your past, you have to find a way to get past your triggers and see that you're in a new situation with a person who doesn't mean you harm.What's triggered is usually fear and awareness of one's limitations. 
Title: Look for similarities, not differences Content: Look for common ground.When you concentrate on differences the space grows wider, but when you seek out what you have in common it helps bridge the gap. 
Title: Be a good listener Content: A good listener gives their full attention, asks for clarification when necessary, and can listen to different opinions without becoming defensive or argumentative.The best way to listen is to be silent. That's when you can learn.
Title: Take responsibility for your own feelings Content: It's easy to start making accusations, laying blame and making excuses. Be honest with yourself and take full responsibility for your own feelings, and for your interpretations that may have contributed to the breakdown.
Title: Make a commitment Content: In times of intense disagreement, it's not uncommon for one or both parties to have one foot out the door. If you want to truly get to the heart of the matter, make sure the other person understands your commitment to the relationship. Even if you have an issue with the behavior, you have to keep that separate.
Title: Use positive language Content: If you speak in negatives, you will hurt the person and shut them down. if you can bring positivity to what you are trying to say, it's far more likely that you'll be heard, and that the disagreement can be resolved more quickly and easily.