Personal Development,Psychology,Mental Health,Teamwork
Title: Avoiding talking about your feelings Content: People with very low emotional intelligence will refuse to talk about their feelings because they aren't good at it. They may use vague language to describe how they feel, such as "I'm a little stressed" or "I'm kind of overwhelmed."People with high emotional intelligence aren't afraid to describe their feelings. "I feel sad," "I'm angry," or "I'm disappointed."
Title: Judging your own feelings Content: Emotions like fear or sadness feel bad. People with low emotional intelligence criticize themselves, thinking it is wrong to feel afraid. Or shameful to feel sad.People with high emotional intelligence understand that if something feels bad doesn't mean it is bad. They treat themselves with compassion and kindness when they feel this way.
Title: Trying to control your emotions Content: People with low emotional intelligence think they have to solve difficult emotions. They try to get rid of any painful feelings.Emotionally intelligent people see emotions as messengers. They validate them even if they don't like the content of the message.
Title: Noticing only your loud emotions Content: People with low emotional intelligence tend only to notice the loudest emotions. If they get cut-off on the road while driving, they feel "mad" but aren't aware they're also feeling afraid.People with high emotional intelligence have enough self-awareness to see all their emotions, even the secondary emotions.
Title: Blindly following your emotions Content: Emotions can give important information, but they can also mislead us, such as feeling anger when our spouse points out a problem and asks us to correct it.Emotionally intelligent people listen to all their emotions but never overvalue them. They don't put blind trust in any of them.
Title: Trying to ‘fix’ the emotions of other people Content: People with low emotional intelligence are afraid of painful feelings in others, so they try to make them go away. For example, they try to explain why you shouldn't feel the way you do or attempt to solve your bad mood.A sign of high emotional intelligence is when someone is willing to sit with your emotions without judgment or advice.
Title: Pretending to be happy all the time Content: People with low emotional intelligence pretends to be happy all the time and don't want to admit or show when they're feeling sad, afraid, ashamed, or upset.Emotionally intelligent people understand that there are no good or bad emotions. They're secure enough to feel bad and show it.