Money & Investments,Personal Development
Title: Salary is not the same as savings Content: Having a high salary does not automatically make you rich; having a low salary does not automatically make you poor.Your net worth is more important than how much money you make. It’s amazing how many people don’t realize this simple truth. All that matters is how much you save out ofyour salary.
Title: Saving is more important than investing Content: Pay yourself first is such simple advice, but so few people do this.The best investment decision you can make is setting a high savings rate because it gives you a huge margin of safety in life.
Title: Live below your means... Content: ....not within your means.The only way to get ahead financially is to stay behind your own earnings power.
Title: Credit cards Content: Carrying credit card debt is a great way to negatively compound your net worth. But credit itself is important. Likely the biggest expense over your lifetime will be interest costs on your mortgage, car loans, student loans, etc. Having a solid credit score can save you tens of thousands of dollars by lowering your borrowing costs. So use credit cards, but always pay off the balance each month.
Title: Understand your spending habits Content: If you want to understand your priorities gain control of your finances, look at where you spend money each month.The goal is to spend money on things that are important to you but cut back everywhere else. And if you pay yourself first you don’t have to worry about budgeting, you just spend whatever’s left over.
Title: Build up that savings account Content: You have to have liquid assets to take care of things when life inevitably gets in the way.Most of the time these “emergencies” are things you should plan on happening periodically.
Title: Cover your insurable needs Content: This is a huge personal finance margin of safety item.Just remember that insurance is about protecting wealth, not building it.
Title: Know where you stand Content: Everyone should have a back-of-the-envelope idea about where their net worth (assets – liabilities) stands.Before knowing where you want to go you have to know where you are.
Title: Taxes matter Content: Everyone should try to do their own taxes at least once just to understand how it all works.It can be maddeningly complicated, but it can help you save money over time if you know where to look. Take advantage of as many tax breaks as you can and always understand your personal tax situation.
Title: Make more money Content: Saving and/or cutting back is a great way to get ahead, but it’s an incomplete strategy if you’re not trying to earn more by enhancing your career.Too many people are stuck in the mindset that there’s nothing they can do to get a better job, take on more responsibilities or earn a higher salary. That’s nonsense.
Title: Think about financial independence Content: ...instead of thinking about retirement. The goal shouldn’t be about making it to a certain age so you can ride off into the sunset, but rather getting to the point whereyou don’t have to worry about money anymore.