Personal Development,Problem Solving,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Adaptability Content: Adaptability is the personality trait that helps determine how you respond to change. It’s composed of flexibility (your willingness to change) and versatility (your ability to change). Adaptable people are less anxious and deal better with changes than those were not.While we may have natural tendencies to be more or less adaptable, we can consciously decide to be more mentally flexible.
Title: Valuable To Your Employer Content: Adaptable people are open to new ideas, and don't need to follow traditional ways. They're able to anticipate changes and don't panic when things don't go according to plan.Adaptability always adds to the competitive advantage of organizations or individuals.
Title: A Better Leader Content: Adaptable people excel as leaders, earn the respect of their peers, inspire those around them to embrace change, and helps to facilitate even the most unanticipated transitions.Unlike adaptable leaders, a leader unable to pivot quickly could hurt employees and the organization as a whole.
Title: Happier And More Satisfied With Life Content: Our ability to have life satisfaction, to be happy and to have good relationships depends on our ability to adapt.Being adaptable means not feeling hopeless and helpless in the face of change. If you can tell yourself that you have the skills and ability to change yourself, even if you can't change the situation, you have the key to being happy regardless of your circumstances.
Title: Career Transitions Content: Being adaptable can mean less time looking for work, and less stress as you tackle your new job search tasks.You stop procrastinating and do what it takes to get a job. You're also more likely to try new roles, increasing the scope and the chances of success of your search.
Title: Bounce Back Quickly From Adversity Content: Adaptable people take adversity in stride, adjusting their thoughts and expectations to suit their new reality, instead of dwelling on "what could have been."Being adaptable means you change yourself to accommodate your circumstances, which is often easier than changing your circumstances.