Personal Development,Mental Health,Mindfulness,Problem Solving,Science & Nature
Title: What Self-Reflection Is Content: Is the process of thinking back on previous events and interpreting them through your experience.It’s about taking a step back and reflecting on your life, behavior and beliefs.
Title: The Importance of Self-Reflection Content: It improve self-awareness.It allows you to understand and see things from a different point of view.It allows you to respond, not react.It facilitates a deeper level of learning.It improves confidence.It makes you challenge your assumptions.
Title: The Process of Self-Reflection Content: STOP: Take a step back from life or a particular situation.LOOK: Identify and get perspective on what you notice and see.LISTEN: Listen to your inner guide, the innate wisdom that bubbles up when you give it time and space to emerge.ACT: Identify the steps you need to take moving forward to adjust, change or improve.
Title: What to Reflect On Content: Reflect on YOU. This includes who you are and what you want for your life.Reflect on the areas of your life that are important to you.This might include your relationships, home and family, career, health and well-being, finances, goals, spirituality and person growth, and fun and recreation.
Title: Questions to Ask in Self-Reflection Content: How do I feel overall about this area of my life?What’s working? What’s not working?What do I want more of – or less of?What are my accomplishments?What do I want? What are my hopes or goals?What am I grateful for?How would I improve this area of my life? What actions can I take?
Title: When to Self-Reflect Content: New Years: reflect on the year that has passed and identify what you want (your intentions, goals, desires) in the year ahead.Milestones: birthdays, anniversaries, the Spring equinox, a religious holiday or any date that has significance or importance to you.Monthly or Weekly: like Sunday to reflect on the week before.A daily practice of self-reflection is probably one of the best ways to create a habit.After an ‘Event’: a terrible work meeting or a bad interaction with someone.Whenever you feel like you’re off track, unhappy, stressed or demotivated, it’s time to take a step back, reflect and regroup.
Title: Self-Reflection Tips Content: Grab a Journal: when you see something, you are able to process it in a different way.Schedule uninterrupted timewhere you have space, feel quiet and can focus.Join a group or find someone to do this with.Take the stance of a neutral observer. When you step back from a situation and view things as if you were a fly on the wall, it’s incredibly insightful.Meditate. Something powerful happens when you don’t ‘think’ about something. Things bubble up.