
Title: Been Ghosted? 6 Smart Ways to Respond & Recover Content: Ghosting is the practice of ending a relationship by suddenly (and without explanation) withdrawing from all communication. The ghost ignores your attempts to contact them — it’s as if you’d never had any contact at all.
Title: 1. Don’t chase ghosts. Content: Gost will have hundreds of excuses when they come back. Sadly, it doesn’t matter what was going on for them — the simple truth is you were not high enough on their priorities to rate a call. Or even a text message. So put away your phone. Hide it from yourself if you must. Don’t contact them, even if you’re desperate to know why.Remember, chasing a ghost is like trying to pin down a shadow. Enough said.
Title: 2. Don’t talk to ghosts, either. Content: Bumping into someone who has ghosted you can be embarrassing and anxiety-provoking. I’ve known clients to have panic attacks when they’ve run into someone who has hurt them.The best plan is treat your ghost as if they were invisible. Don’t acknowledge your ghost or, if you can’t avoid that, smile and walk on past like they don’t matter at all. Don’t stop to talk or seek an explanation — if you do, that’s a win to them.
Title: 3. It’s all about them. Content: When we’ve been hurt in relationships, it’s tempting to critique ourselves: to wonder what we did wrong and to examine our flaws.But being ghosted is not about you; it’s about your ghost’s values and operating style.Your ghost has just given you a flash of insight into their style of relating in intimate relationships. If it gets hard, I’ll run.  I’ll do only what works for me.  Is that what you want in a partner?
Title: 4. Ghosts don’t all wear the same-sized sheet. Content: There are four types of ghosts: The avoidant ghost (conflict avoidant; will run away from anything difficult); The lazy ghost (can’t be bothered with anything hard including being fair/decent); the mean ghost (doesn’t care at all about others’ feelings) The half-ghost (may float back and forth in your life; likes to keep options open).Ghosts are not necessarily bad people; there’s often no agenda to their behaviour — they’re just taking the easy way out.
Title: 5. Know ghosting hurts. Content: It’s a lesson all of us should carry forward when we want to break up with someone. Ghosting someone can seem the easy — even the kindest way — out of a relationship you don’t want to be in, especially when you’re young and inexperienced. But it’s not: you don’t have to offer a long explanation for why you don’t want to be with someone but you should have the courage to tell them it’s over. Face to face is best, but a phone call or text message is better than nothing.
Title: 6. Your future just got brighter. Content: It may not feel like it right now but if someone disappears on you without explanation, they are not right for you.So let go — the relationship you had is no longer real and the ghost will never be fully there for you. Now you’re free to find someone who is.