Health,Mental Health,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Recognize Your Critical Self Attacks Content: Depression is often accompanied by a critical, self-destructive mentality that interferes with and distracts us from our daily lives.Ask yourself, would you think such cruel thoughts about a friend or family member who was experiencing the same struggles.
Title: Don't Isolate Yourself Content: When depressed, you may hear thoughts telling you to be alone, keep quiet and not to bother people with your problems. Do not listen to them.Confiding in a friend to lighten your burden can begin a process of ending your unhappiness. Even the simple act of putting yourself in a social atmosphere can lift your spirits.
Title: Do Things You Once Liked to Do Content: The times you feel most like slumping on the couch are the moments you should force yourself to take a walk, cook a meal, or call a friend.If you've ever been depressed before, do whatever it was that helped you feel better before. Act against the critical inner voice that tells you nothing will help.
Title: Watch a Funny TV Show or Movie Content: Anything that makes you laugh or smile can actually help convince your brain you are happy.Play your favorite sitcom, watch a funny movie or read a comical writer. Don't think of this exercise as merely a distraction, but as an effective tool in reminding your brain that you can feel good again.
Title: Don't Punish Yourself Content: Your critical thoughts toward yourself will try to keep you down in any way they can, including by attacking you for feeling down.It's important to take your side and have compassion for yourself at those difficult times. You can be curious, open, accepting, and loving toward yourself, a much more appropriate attitude.
Title: See a Therapist Content: Talking is a powerful way of combating your depression.There is nothing shameful about recognizing you have a problem you alone cannot seem to resolve and to seek the help of a therapist.
Title: Think About Your Anger Content: Many people who suffer from depression are actually masking a feeling of anger, turning their rage toward someone else on themselves.By acknowledging and accepting or discussing your angry feelings, you are much less likely to turn these feelings against yourself or allow them to lead you into a depressed state.
Title: Be Active Content: It's a physiological fact that activity fights depression.Get your heart rate up 20 minutes a day, five days a week, and it has been scientifically proven that you will feel better emotionally.Even just getting out of the house for a walk, a game of catch with your kids, or a trip to the gym is a medically proven method of improving the way you feel.