Books
Title: Be the best Content: If you can’t be a highway, then just be a trail. If you can’t be a sun, be a star. It isn’t by size that you win or you fail. Be the best at whatever you are.”
Title: To encourage others Content:  “As human beings, our job in life is to help people realize how rare and valuable each one of us really is, that each of us has something that no one else has—or ever will have—something inside us that is unique to all time. It’s our job to encourage each other to discover that uniqueness and to provide ways of developing its expression.
Title: I like you Content: “I like you just the way you are.”
Title: Esempio vivente Content:  That chores have to be done before play; that patient persistence is often the only road to mastery; that anger can be expressed through words and nondestructive activities; that promises are intended to be kept; that cleanliness and good eating habits are aspects of self-esteem; that compassion is an attribute to be prized—all these are lessons children can learn far more readily through the living example of their parents than they ever can through formal instruction.”That’s from Chapter 5 on “Discipline.”Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.”
Title: Creative process  Content: I’ve often hesitated in beginning a project because I’ve thought, ‘It’ll never turn out to be even remotely like the good idea I have as I start.’ I could just ‘feel’ how good it could be. But I decided that, for the present, I would create the best way I know how and accept the ambiguities.”
Title: There are no perfect parents, kids, humans Content: Perfection.It doesn’t exist.Those ideals we have?They are GUIDING STARS not distant shores.In other words, one more time: We’re never going to arrive at Perfectville.As Carl Rogers tells us (via our Notes on Tal Ben Shahar’s must re-read The Pursuit of Perfect), ‘The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction, not a destination.”This is also a good time to remind ourselves of Abraham Maslow’s wisdom.Yes, he said “‘What one can be, one must be.”
Title: The gap  Content: There would be no art and there would be no science if human beings had no desire to create. And if we had everything we ever wanted or needed, we would have no reason for creating anything. So, at the root of all science there exists a gap—a gap between what the world is like and what the human creator wishes and hopes for it to be like. Our unique way of bridging that gap in each of our lives seems to me to be the essence of the reason for human creativity.”