Personal Development,Career,Teamwork,Remote Work
Title: Following protocol Content: Schedule a time with your supervisor to break the news. Be aware that sharing the news with the office grapevine might cause the news to leak prematurely before you formally give notice.It's best to have important conversations in person. Make sure you meet all exit notice, confidentiality, non-compete and other guidelines that are required.
Title: Your future-focused "why" Content: Your supervisor will probably ask you why you are leaving.Make sure your reason for leaving is opportunity-focused and aspirational and not because you are running away from something. Reasons may be taking on a more prominent role, learning new skills, working in a new industry or relocation.
Title: Weighting counteroffers Content: Research found that while 58% of employers extend counteroffers, the average employee who accepts them stays less than two years in a company. Keep the focus on your new opportunities and suggest that you remain in touch and explore the chance to return at a future time.
Title: Thorough and thoughtful Content: Your departure is likely going to affect more people than you realize. Try to make the move as easy on them as possible to maintain good relationships.Make sure all outstanding deliverables and responsibilities are effectively transitioned.Ensure all essential documents are available to those who need them most.Consider giving key people the license to call you for any vital follow-up questions.
Title: Giving feedback Content: Refrain from mentioning all the things their company does wrong in your opinion. It will not be helpful, especially if you have not mentioned it previously.It is also possible that your supervisor might be angry or resistant to your departure. Try and understand the situation from their point of view and act calmly to preserve relationships.
Title: Maintaining your network Content: Trade contact information with coworkers and supervisors to have a method to stay in touch. You will be in a better place to stay abreast of their career changes. You never know when you will meet with them again.