Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Create a Supportive Environment Content: Constant interruptions and unnecessary distractions dilute your focus:Arrange your work space to discourage unscheduled visits. Plug in your earphones and listen to soothing music or white noise. Move to a quieter place if you can’t block out office banter. Schedule time blocks to focus on the task at hand.Turn off your phone, mobile devices and email and IM notifications. Disconnect from the Internet.
Title: Make It Automatic Content: When an action step is part of your routine, you are bound to resist it less. This helps you preserve your energy and attention span for more difficult tasks that aren’t easily automated.To develop habits to automate tasks:Lay out the tools you will need to complete it. Pick a specific time to perform it.Set up reminders to work on it and reward yourself when you do.
Title: Boost Your Willpower Content: Focus requires self-control and the ability to resist short-term temptations for long-term gains. Breath-work, yoga and meditation are mindful practices that effectively boost your willpower and focus, regardless of your shifting thoughts and volatile emotions.
Title: Stop Multitasking. Content: Multitasking is the opposite of focus. So pick one important task and fully engage with it. Before starting the next thing, pause intentionally, take a deep breath, and bask in gratitude for the thing you just did.If you tend to get bored doing one task, set a timer to perform it in short bursts of 15 to 25 minutes. Or you could batch together similar tasks that require the same resources.
Title: To Avoid Burnout Content: Take regular breaks, for as little as 5 to 15 minutes, and do something different.Set a regular bedtime routine and get a good night’s rest to avoid zoning out. Step away from tasks when your interest in it begins to plummet and return when you refuel your energy.
Title: Mentally Rehearse The Task Content: Visualize the ideal process, instead of obsessing over desired results. Picture yourself performing the task brilliantly and with ease.Imagine how you will feel when the goal is achieved. Use these positive vibes to inspire you, pull you in, and take focused action.
Title: Focus On What Matters  Content: Define what you want to achieve and shed meaningless tasks and goals. Drop, delegate or barter assignments that don’t cater to your core strengths and true purpose.Tackle three essential tasks to complete on a given day or three major goals to accomplish in a week.Refuse tasks that aren’t right for you to better commit to things that matter.