Personal Development,Habits,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: The World Is Always In Motion Content: Human beings are always moving towards growth, either positive or negative (backward growth).If we do not provide constant nourishment to our body and mind, we will become stagnant, stale and in danger of withering away.
Title: Emotions and Transformative Experiences Content: Staying inside our comfort zones keeps us from having regular transformative experiences. More than logic or reason, emotions are what invokes transformation in humans.Emotions are tied to memory, which is fluid and is affected by deep, intense emotions.
Title: Our Identity Is Not A Fixed Entity Content: Our identity is changing according to our behaviour and life experiences. We are the designers of our personality and can mould it according to our desires.Just as a garden can be either made more beautiful or ugly, we can make our identity more polished or refined, and can also make it entangled and confused.
Title: Our Internal Limitations Content: We don’t know how powerful or capable we are, as most of our abilities remain dormant.We don’t push ourselves to attain the seemingly impossible due to the internal limitations and mindsets about what we can and cannot do. Our identity and personality can change based on a demanding situation, internal or external.
Title: Action Inspires Content: Action paradoxically becomes our biggest motivation and inspiration. Any bold action which makes one progress forward reshapes our conscious and subconscious beliefs.The reason we feel stuck, lethargic, demotivated or confused is because we are not taking action.Action becomes the catalyst towards better ideas, and opening of windows for clearer thinking, shattering our subconscious patterns.
Title: Action Leads To Inspiration Content: Contrary to popular belief, inspiration does not necessarily lead to creativity.Creating things (action) leads to inspiration, which then generates a greater desire to create more. Acting out one’s creativity is how we become really creative.