Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Not reaching your goals Content: Take the goal you didn’t achieve and try a different approach. Doing the same thing over and over to achieve your goal is the definition of insanity.Your heroes miss their goals too. What makes them stand out is that they don’t give up. The fun of goal-setting is knowing that you’ll fail.
Title: Being criticized Content: You can’t please everybody that you meet in life.Critics are not all bad. You can learn things about yourself from them too. The solution is to learn from criticism, not be afraid of it.
Title: Messing up your career Content: See career challenges for what they are: an opportunity to try something different.If your career never got messed up, then you’d probably stay in your comfort-zone for your entire life and never try something different.
Title: Having financial problems Content: Lack of money helps you decide on what matters and what doesn’t.When you don’t have money, you become resourceful and creative at the same time
Title: Being unhealthy Content: Take ownership. Quit feeling sick and do something about it:Have some blood tests.Change your diet to be more plant-based.Drink more water.Go to the gym 3 times a week for 30 minutes.Stand up from your desk every now and then so you’re not sitting for the whole day and messing your spine/neck up.
Title: Ending a relationship Content: Finding love is about understanding what love is not. You need relationships to end to find out what love really is. All breakups suck in the beginning until you grow and move on.Then, the solution to this problem is to find yourself. How you move forward from there is up to you.
Title: Embarrassing yourself Content: See this as a sign of courage. Making an idiot of yourself is an acceptancethat you might fail in the short-term.And those who fail in the short-term will eventually win in the long-term with practice.
Title: No meaning in life Content: If you feel like your life has no meaning, then it’s time to experiment. Standing still is not how you find the answer.A short-term solution to this problem is to experiment with helping those who have nothing. Spend time with people who’d kill to be in your position and get some perspective.
Title: Having dark thoughts Content: Seek real help. These dark thoughts must be treated and sometimes the best medicine is to seek professional help through counseling, or for an extreme case, by calling Lifeline.
Title: Every day feels the same Content: You must find joy in the repetition.You do that by taking those reps and making them mean something.Add some variety in by breaking your comfort zone. Set a goal to do something wild during your day every so often: travel, meet new people, learn a new skill. And even so, you have to accept some level of repetition.
Title: Having toxic relationships Content: Start by telling your toxic friends how you feel. Give them a chance to change with the new you. If they refuse, take a break from them for a while. Ask yourself whether you want them in your life long-term.
Title: Feeling stressed Content: We don’t need more; we need less to de-stress:Declutter your home and officeSay no to more meetingsSay yes to invites from people that make you feel like saying “Hell Yes!”Buy less material thingsHave fewer people in your lifeListen to one podcast instead of manyRead fewer books instead of every one that’s recommended on a podcastHave less recurring subscriptionsInvest and save more money so you can stress less about unexpected billsTake regular breaks.
Title: Fear standing in your way Content: Don’t avoid it. Don’t let it stand in your way any longer.Don’t let nerves trick you into thinking you’re fearful. We all get nerves, but we can still keep moving forward with nerves.Real fear can be overcome through deliberate practice.
Title: Dealing with death Content: Death can be our greatest motivator if we let it. Once you understand what death means in all of its darkness, you’ll understand life.The best way to deal with this reality is to go out there and live the best life you can, while you can.