Time Management,Health,Productivity,Personal Development,Career
Title: A Proper Day Off Content: It isn’t an invitation for laziness, or the shirking of responsibilities.In fact, a proper day off is a day for exploring a certain other class of responsibilities: being a relaxed and present friend, parent, son or daughter, or stranger.
Title: No work, no “getting ahead” Content: A Proper Day Off is reserved for this experience of appreciating the fruits of your labor (and that of others) — rather than for laboring even more.That means no errands, no utilitarian purchases, and definitely no major purchases.
Title: Don’t spend the day at home Content: Generally most of a Proper Day Off will happen outside your home. It would be a shame not to spend a least a bit of it in a park, any time of year, even if you’re just passing through it to meet someone.Try not to spend much of it in your car either. Make use of your feet, or your bike if possible. Cars fill us with the sensation of needing to be somewhere else.
Title: Involve loved ones Content: Quality time with loved ones is just about the best way a person can spend their time in this life.It’s what we miss when we’re away and what we will still find important once we near our deathbeds.
Title: Plan loosely Content: ...but don’t make an itinerary.It’s only practical to have a mental list of places you might go. Know beforehand what area of town to head to, where to stop first, whether to go to the flea market or the waterfront.One other general rule: Do more than one thing.Get an earlyish start, so that the day has room for variety, but don’t look at the clock much.
Title: Minimize electronic device usage Content: …or at least only use them only for getting around (i.e. maps) or co-ordinating meetings with your friends.We get more than enough screen time the rest of the week.
Title: Enjoy the fruits of civilization Content: We live surrounded by wonderful amenities and cultural institutions, many of which exist solely for human enjoyment and well-being.A Proper Day Off is a perfect time to make use of your community’s parks, museums, galleries, markets, public spaces, performance venues, and heritage buildings.