Problem Solving,Personal Development,Health,Mindfulness,Time Management
Title: See and observe Content: It is important to both see and to observe. As Holmes tells Dr Watson: “You see, but you do not observe.”This mental alertness, or mindfulness, is cultivated with deliberate practise.Mindfulness allows Holmes to observe those details that most of us don’t even realize we don’t see.
Title: Why mindfulness is important Content: Mindfulness can lead to improvements in physiological well-being and emotional regulation.Mindfulness can even enhance our levels of wisdom, both in terms of dialectism (being cognizant of change and contradictions in the world) and intellectual humility (knowing your own limitations).Mindfulness can lead to improved problem solving, enhanced imagination, and better decision making.
Title: Mindfulness  and inattentional blindness Content: When we focus on one particular element in a situation or problem, our brains can cause all the other elements to ‘disappear', so that we will have no conscious experience of having ever been exposed to them.Inattentional blindness illustrates the limitations of our attentional abilities. We can’t ever multitask the way we think we can. Something will get lost.
Title: See and observe Content: It is important to both see and to observe. As Holmes told Dr Watson: “You see, but you do not observe,”This mental alertness, or mindfulness, is cultivated with deliberate practise. Mindfulness allows Holmes to observe those details that most of us don’t even realize we don’t see.
Title: Why mindfulness is so important to us Content: Over the past several decades, researchers have discoveredMindfulness can lead to improvements in physiological well-being and emotional regulation.Mindfulness can even enhance our levels of wisdom, both in terms of dialectism (being cognizant of change and contradictions in the world) and intellectual humility (knowing your own limitations).Mindfulness can lead to improved problem solving, enhanced imagination, and better decision making.
Title: Mindfulness is good against inattentional blindness Content: When we focus on one particular element in a situation or problem, our brains can cause all the other elements to ‘disappear', so that we will have no conscious experience of having ever been exposed to them. Inattentional blindness illustrates the limitations of our attentional abilities. We can’t ever multitask the way we think we can. Something will get lost.
Title: Multitasking is neither effective nor focussed  Content: Focused attention makes a big difference in effectiveness. Our attention and effectiveness are limited when we try to focus while simultaneously allowing distractions like Twitter or Facebook.A mind that is wandering away from the present moment is a mind that isn’t happy.