Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Muscle decline Content: As we grow older, certain household activities, like carrying groceries, picking up children, or moving furniture, are becoming more difficult.When we are in our 30s, we lose up to 8 percent of our muscle mass per decade, along with up to 30 percent of our strength. This makes us more vulnerable to injury.
Title: Staying strong enough Content: We don't have to become weaker and less mobile with age. Men and women can regain some muscle mass and stay strong enough. The key is strength training.Strength training improves your economy of movement, meaning the amount of energy you use to do a task with less pain and lower risk of injury.
Title: Sitting too much Content: Many people sit for most of the day. As a result, the muscles in the front of our bodies - the hip flexors and chest muscles - become short and tight.That shuts off signals to their corresponding anterior muscles - the glutes and upper back, and those muscles become weak.
Title: Start with the glutes Content: To start or resume strength training, target major muscle groups, especially the glutes and back.Glutes activate the 'rear chain' of the body. These muscles are critical for posture, balance, running, jumping, and lifting heavy things.Squats, rows, and leg presses are all good because they engage the core and require movement in multiple joints.
Title: Exercise all the muscles Content: The front-facing muscles, such as chest, abs, biceps, and quadriceps, should be strengthened and stretched because of how tight they become in our deskbound lives. Many people consider a 1:2 ratio of exercises.Exercise all the major muscles, including biceps, calves, and triceps.Double your strengthening time for your rear-chain muscles.
Title: Homebound strength exercises Content: Just about every exercise you can do in a gym you can do at home.Exercises that don't require equipment include squats, chair dips, pushups, pullups, plank, lunges, burpees, and step-ups. Containers can be used for strength training.Muscles can be built by performing a high number of reps of a lighter weight - one you can lift at least 15 times before muscle failure.
Title: How often to train Content: The weekly guidelines for generally healthy people:Two to three days for strength trainingAerobic activity at least five days at moderate intensity, or three days a week at high intensityA stretching routine at least two days a week
Title: Experiencing significant gains Content: Building and maintaining strength is essential at every age and very important after age 50. Older people who regularly strength-train can gain the benefits of a training regimen.Exercise extends the period of physical independence. It sustains bone and countering the increased risk of osteoporosis.