Personal Development,Health,Psychology,Philosophy,Science & Nature
Title: The Mind And The Body Content: Neuroscience says our brain has 86 billion neurons, linked in various ways, making trillions of connections. These neuron connections are getting converted into electrical signals, making a network of electro-chemical communication inside us.This communication is providing us with a life experience of something that may not be there at all.
Title: Dualism: Ghost In The Machine Content: The mind-body paradox, also called the mind-body problem by philosophers, can be understood if we take our human mind as a non-physical entity, outside the physical world of the body and the brain itself.The mind, with all its feelings and experiences, exists as a spiritual phenomenon and controls the body like a drone pilot controls the drone. This view is known as Dualism.
Title: The Materialist Way Content: Science has done a great job observing, dissecting and manipulating physical materials (matter) and seems to think the materialist method is the best way to go for the mysteries of the brain. It does not take a good view of the dualism theory, where the soul (residing in our brain) controls the body.The problem is that by only studying the matter, science has always excluded and neglected consciousness.
Title: Consciousness Content: ... is beyond matter and beyond all scientific mathematics. The euphoria of love and many such wonderful feelings cannot be captured by the quantitative methods adopted by science.The reality of consciousness is qualitative, and the materialist and dualist theories seem inadequate.
Title: Idealism Content: Idealism states that consciousness is all that exists in reality, and the physical world is nothing but an illusion, a construct generated from our own minds. This is also discussed as The Simulation Theory, where the laws of physics and reality are nothing but rules in a simulation, like a computer game.
Title: Panpsychism Content: One of the approaches of idealists, called panpsychism, claims that both physical matter and consciousness are fundamental, and particles, energies and fields are simply forms of consciousness. This approach tries to bridge the gaps left by dualism and materialism in our mind-boggling journey to understand consciousness and the universe.