Business,Marketing & Sales,Career
Title: Have a focus Content: Don't try to be everything to everyone. Decide what your key message is and stick to it.Keeping your message focused for your target demographic will make it that much easier to both create content around your personal brand and have others define you.
Title: Be authentic Content: It's the easy way to have an original personal brand. Pople can see right through a dishonest act and will call you out for it.It will also make it much easier to manage your personal brand on a daily basis.
Title: Tell a story Content: If your personal brand isn’t telling a story, you’ve already lost half of your potential audience.The most effective personal branding strategy these days is to build a true narrative, a story around your brand that your audience can engage with.
Title: Be consistent Content: Don’t underestimate how tiny inconsistencies can derail personal brand effectiveness.Being consistent is very similar to having a narrow focus—it’s much easier to get recognized for one topic if you consistently create content and brand voice around it.
Title: Embrace failure Content: You’ll never achieve the best branding until you fail a couple times.The very best brands always come from repeated trial and error, mistakes and failures and not from instant perfection.
Title: Create a positive impact Content: Remember that you are your brand, no no matter what your current job is. Keeping a positive attitude and helping others will only help healthily grow your brand in the long run.
Title: Follow a successful example Content: Study trends and popular individualson different social media platforms and then implement them with a twist. Start marketing yourself like the celebrities and influential people that you look up to every day.
Title: Live your brand Content: Your personal brand should follow you everywhere you go. it’s easier when initially creating a personal brand to have your actual lifestyle and brand be one and the same.It needs to be an authentic manifestation of who you are and amplify what you believe.
Title: Let other people tell your story Content: The best PR is by word of mouth. Creating a personal brand in the public sphere is no exception to this rule.
Title: Leave a legacy Content: Once you’ve built your personal brand with a reputation and community behind it, the next step is to think about the legacy that you’ll leave behind. Think about this question: What are the keywords and actions that you want to be known for?