Personal Development,Communication
Title: Social Awareness Content: .. means having an in-depth understanding of societal setups, communities, environments, norms, and cultures.Human beings are social creatures, but many lack proper social awareness. In any professional or personal situation, one’s success and wellbeing largely depend on how other people are communicated with, how social interactions are managed and how efficiently one interacts with society. Social Awareness is often equated with Emotional Intelligence(EQ).
Title: Importance of Social Awareness Content: Human beings would be misfits in society if it wasn’t for social awareness.It helps us to:Understand and communicate with others productively.Feel what is being said and say the right words.Sense people's inner conflicts and pain.Excel in communication and problem solving by being able to feel the vibe of a group of people.Being valued and respected.Contribute to solving society’s problems.
Title: Developing Social Awareness Content: There are three competencies that are to be developed to grow one’s social awareness skills:Empathy: Being able to feel what others feel.Organizational awareness: Being aware of relationships, attitudes, and politics of a group.Service orientation: Responding to the needs of the situation.
Title: Develop Self Awareness Content: To know others, first, you must know yourself.Expand your self-awareness and observe your response mechanism, trigger points and social behavior. This will also help you expand your consciousness in the long run.
Title: Observe Others Content: See how people react to your words and your mannerisms. You may have to fine-tune your listening skills and get a glimpse of the emotional states of other people, by understanding what isn’t being said.
Title: Cultivate Mindfulness Content: A regular meditation practice calms you and connects you to your surroundings, muting your inner noise. You then become better at observing yourself and those around you.
Title: Forgiveness Content: Life is short. Practice quick forgiveness and move on. Holding a grudge will only slow you down.Forgiving others frees your mind and makes it agile, not easily triggered by current situations that point towards any painful memories of the past.
Title: Affirmations Content: Practicing affirmations (positive self-talk) and self-hypnosis removes our internal blocks and heals us from the inside while aligning the outside circumstances in our favor.