Communication,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: 15. Show Respect And Stay Objective Content: Choose words that do not put the receiver on the defensive.Use "I" messages, like “I’ve noticed”, rather than "you" messages, like “you always.” Keep your emotions out of it, as they can derail your message. Maintain dignity by giving choices where possible.
Title: 14. Use Criticism Well Content: If you use criticism to bash or undermine, it will be harmful. If you dismiss criticism without reflection it will be useless. But if you assess criticism objectively and without emotion, you can discover what's useful to you, and shrug the rest off.
Title: 13. Discuss Behavior, Impact And Action Content: Focus on the impact of specific behavior and give expected corrections, but refrain from focusing on personality or intent. This causes less hurt feelings.
Title: 12. Maintain Collaborative Communication Content: If someone brings up an idea you disagree with, don’t shoot the idea down. Doing so can shut down your channel of communication and make others less likely to share ideas in the future.Instead, focus on building a culture of collaboration to encourage constructive criticism.
Title: 11. Focus on a Behavior That Can Be Changed Content: Most people give feedback by making broad-based claims without providing evidence. Broad-based claims are interpreted as character evaluations and tend to be harmful.Constructive criticism highlights things can be changed and provides some indication of how to change them.
Title: 10. Know When To Get To The Point Content: One of the biggest misconceptions about constructive criticism is that you must wedge your critique between positive openings and endings. However, this method doesn’t always translate into better performance.Sometimes a leader has to get straight to the point and offer guidance on how flaws can be overcome.
Title: 9. Start With What Is Working Content: Real feedback is actually about telling the truth without blame or judgment. And the truth always has two parts: something is working, and something could be better. Start with what works, then share the upgrade.
Title: 8. Build A Bridge, Don't Burn One Content: Constructive criticism’s aim is to strengthen people, not to tear them down. Focusing on the issue or the behavior and not the person helps with that.Explain the impact the behavior had on the business. Coming from a place of collaboration and support helps keep that bridge of communication.
Title: 7. Use Emotional Intelligence Content: Before delivering criticism, consider your emotional state and how the feedback to be delivered impacts all involved.Manage your emotions beforehand to obtain the desired outcome.
Title: 6. Prepare The Recipient For Feedback Content: Frame the feedback with the outcome in mind, and prepare the recipient for what you have to say. It never hurts anyone to be told, "I need to tell you something that may be hard for you to hear."
Title: 5. Have A Private Conversation Content: Praise in public, criticize in private. Feedback loses value when people feel humiliated or embarrassed. So, use the right tone and motive and be constructive.
Title: 4. Point Out Opportunities, Not Faults Content: State your intention, why you’re the one sharing this feedback and how you are willing to help the person learn from it.Choose a private place and give them time to understand the next steps. Being proactive, by showing respect and listening to their impression helps to build trust.
Title: 3. Give Your Intention Some Attention Content: If you want to criticize to help someone improve their performance, approach it from a place of how you would want the information communicated to you.Stay factual to avoid an emotional confrontation and make sure you create the space for it to be a conversation (versus a directive) that leads to a positive outcome.
Title: 2. Ground Your Constructive Criticism In Behavior Content: Constructive criticism clearly describes the behavior that you want changed. Examples:Don’t say they are irresponsible, provide the dates when they have come in late. Don’t say they are disrespectful, reference how they roll their eyes and sigh. Don’t say they need to be more of a "team player," explain the specific behavior that you expect.
Title: 1. Focus On How To Change Content: To criticize constructively, frame it in a way that the focus is on the change that needs to occur and the benefits of implementing it without resorting to accusations or derogatory tone and comments.