Personal Development,Habits,Health,Productivity
Title: New Year's resolutions Content: New Year Resolutions are a disaster for a majority of us.They feel unpleasant due to the fact that we see them as an event. The time, process, dedication, and commitment we need to them done are ignored.
Title: Event Vs Process Content: All events have a backstory, a history, some amount of risk and sacrifice.If we focus on the event only, we will not be able to do anything with our lives.If we follow the process, daily making ourselves better and stay committed, we end up getting the life we desire.
Title: Losing weight Content: As we know, exercise in any form makes us better.Instead of complicating the process and making it a big event, just smoothen the daily process. Make a habit of going out to exercise by getting up early, wearing the right clothes, packing the gym bag at night, so that you remove friction from the activity.
Title: Get organized Content: The real action on getting organized is to remove clutter and focus on essential work only.You don't need to stay busy the whole day to be organized. Focus on the top 3 items of your list (about 20 percent of the tasks) and complete them on priority.Block time periods to (preferably 2 to 3 hours) to focus without distraction.
Title: Keep learning Content: Get some time out for learning every day. It is the Holy Grail of a good life.Spare 20 to 40 minutes a day and learn, instead of wasting time on channel surfing or social media.
Title: Falling in love Content: Get going on your social life/love life without worrying about anything else. Be yourself and find a partner who clicks with you, using the various offline and online options available.
Title: Know what you want Content: By knowing what you want, you are not being vague about your goal so you commit to special action steps.Know what you want and keep a tracker to review your goals on a weekly or monthly basis.
Title: Acting on small steps Content: Figure out the simple quick step that you can do right now, instead of sitting and procrastinating on the big goal you have decided for yourself.Focus on the easy steps, which can be done daily, turning it into a system of activity.
Title: Keep the momentum Content: Doing something every day keeps you in the process.If you want to exercise, any form of exercise done daily, even a 5-minute walk is better than no exercise.