Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Psychology
Title: Emotional Resilience Content: This is the ability to handle a stressful event or experience without destroying one’s resolve, sense of purpose, or sanity. An emotionally resilient person can channelize and metabolize negative feelings instead of being overwhelmed or paralyzed by them. One does not have to wait for dire circumstances to practise emotional resilience, and a few daily rituals are sufficient to build our sense of balance and help us achieve more in life while boosting our mental health and immunity.
Title: Journaling to increase emotional stamina Content: Reflective journaling as a daily practice helps us improve our emotional stamina. Writing down our experiences leads to new insights and a deeper understanding of our behaviour and actions. Writing down your failures and successes also helps us self-analyze our life in an objective, detached way. One can choose a pen and paper or digital format to write and make it a point to write when one experiences highs and lows in life.
Title: Self-Compassion Content: We have to take care not to damage our self-esteem and our sense of self-worth by being judgemental about ourselves.  Embracing one’s imperfect moments with kindness and grace, makes us see the positive aspects of the situation and helps us learn from our mistakes. Meditation and certain thought exercises that steer our mind towards positivity, help us in being compassionate towards ourselves.
Title: Gratitude and happiness chemicals Content: Resilience and gratitude have a connection at the neurotransmitter level our of brains.Happiness chemicals like serotonin and dopamine are released as we express gratitude, lighting up the two areas of our brain called the amygdala and hippocampus, which regulate our emotions and memory. A daily gratitude practise helps us feel content and even meditative, living life in a deeper dimension, filling our days with balance and perspective.
Title: Hope and finding the joy in what is going right in life Content: Though it is not a practice, hope helps us cope with our day-to-day stresses, letting us find joy in the things that are going right, or shifting our focus to something bigger than ourselves.Being close to nature, and spending time doing something one loves, or with someone special, help us find our joy and hope, taking the sting out of the (inevitable) sufferings of life.