Personal Development,Problem Solving,Productivity,Time Management
Title: Doing the real, useful thing Content: Much of success boils down to doing the real thing and not an imitation of the real thing.For example, if you want to learna language: Start with full immersion. Speak from day one only in the language, except for work, friends, and family. The alternative is to download an app, listen to a podcast, and maybe you'll converse on occasion but may never communicate in the language at all.To start, ask yourself how you would do this if doing it well was all that mattered.
Title: Lacking the time Content: Doing things well may seem daunting. You may feel that you don't have enough time.But the point is not to deny your obstacles - it's to start with the best plan and make changes as needed, rather than simply starting with something that feels easy enough.
Title: The Paradox of Difficulty Content: The hardest things end up becoming the easiest, once you've fully committed to a pursuit.When you've chosen to commit, make it a priority. Put it first in your calendar. Expect frustration and obstacles. You will get stronger.
Title: Committing to the hard way Content: Begin with what would work best. Hold the "but what about" for later.Focus on what you have to do, not how much. "How much" will come later as the intensity can be scaled, but the real thing doesn't have substitutes.
Title: Make the hard possible Content: Starting with what would work, you now ask how you could make it possible.Maybe you want to learn a language, but the real thing is out of reach because you're stuck at home. You want to work in a real firm, but they won't hire you.Now is the time for substitutions. You can't travel, but you aim for immersion at home. You can't work in the real office, but you train on the tools they have.
Title: Make the hard way easy Content: Now is the time to make your efforts easier.If you initially started with easy, you'll be tempted to do something convenient instead of something that works. However, once you know what needs to be done, make it easier to execute. Use systems and routines. Use every tactic to make it less difficult.
Title: Willing to put the effort in Content: The hard way forces you to ask if you are willing to put in the effort to do it.Sometimes the answer is no. The cost is too high, or other obligations take priority. No is a valid answer. Better to say no now, and not let it eat away at your resolve. But if your answer is yes, you know how to do it.