Problem Solving,Personal Development,Learning & Education,Health,Science & Nature
Title: Everyone is Skilled Content: The natural talents and skills of youngsters are quickly dashed at school, where they are told by parents and teachers that they aren't that smart, based on the prevailing metrics of measurement.It is a myth that our brains are fixed and we cannot learn about new topics, something that negatively impacts education.Learning can take place at any age and has no racial or gender stereotypes.
Title: The Brain is Always Changing Content: Schools that are practicing 'tracking' where they group students based on their test scores and abilities are hampering their development. They mistakenly think that the brain is fixed and these students are 'learning disabled' for life.Every time we learn something, the brain is forming, strengthening and connecting neural pathways, at any age. We never stop learning, but stigmas and wrong beliefs at an early age impact the learning process.
Title: Embracing Mistakes Content: Just giving the right answer in a test isn't enough. The brain works and learns better when solving difficult problems, absorbing it for a lifetime. If teachers make it all right to fail and provide students with the space to make mistakes, it can be incredibly freeing.
Title: Your Beliefs Shape Your Learning Content: The power of auto-suggestion works like magic on the brain. Having negative ideas (pessimism) is linked to negative outcomes regardless of other factors.If you believe that you can learn then you can.
Title: Different Approaches and Tools Content: Deploying innovative and new educational strategies provides a multi-dimensional approach to learning. When different brain areas are engaged, inter-brain neural activity is developed.Learning different subjects and skills also enhances one's creative problem-solving abilities and provides new associations/connections with unrelated fields of knowledge.
Title: Faster Isn't Better Content: Measuring the speed of learning in a timed test gives out the wrong impression that speed equals competency, and is generally useless.Engaging with the material in flexible ways with plenty of time to absorb and study is the best way to long-term learning.
Title: Collaboration Content: Learning together can only work if the idea of individual performance and rankings is not drilled in students.Learning together reinforces the idea that everybody has problems and learning is a process, with common obstacles.