Personal Development,Problem Solving,Communication,Time Management
Title: The Inner Game Content: The phenomenon of winning or losing something in your mindbefore you win or lose it in realityis called "The Inner Game."This is the subject of the book The Inner Game of Tennis (written in the 1970s byW. Timothy Gallwey).It's about overcoming the external obstacles we create that prevent us from succeeding. You don’t need to be interested in tennis or even know anything about it to benefit from this book.
Title: Self 1 and Self 2 Content: When we are learning something new, we often internally talk to ourselves.Self 1 is the conscious self. Self 2 the subconscious. The two are always in dialogue.If both selves can communicate in harmony, everything goes well.But more often, Self 1 gets judgmental and critical, trying to instruct Self 2.The trick is to calm Self 1 and let Self 2 follow that natural learning process.
Title: Stop trying so hard Content: There is a time for instruction and putting in the effort. But trying too hard may produce negative results.Instead, step back and take in less feedback. On a deeper level, we know what to do. We just need to overcome the habit of the mind getting in the way.
Title: Forget about positive thinking Content: We are often encouraged to think positively, but this is not always the right approach.We need to stop attaching judgments to our performance, positive or negative, and see things as they are. This action unlocks a process of natural development. As soon as you understand the effort and accept it as it is, a natural process of change begins.
Title: The Inner Game way of learning Content: We should pay attention to how we learn and if we're learning in the best possible way:Observe your existing behavior without attaching judgment to it.Once you are aware of what you're doing, picture the desired outcome.Trust yourself and "let it happen."Continue a "nonjudgmental, calm observation of the results" to repeat the cycle and keep learning.