Personal Development,Movies & Shows,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Don't let setbacks define you Content:  A difficult start does not define the rest of your life.Born in 1964 in Beirut, Lebanon, Keanu Reeves’ life began with an instability that would last throughout his childhood and teenage years. But he chose to find stability in chasing his own aspirations andgrew into a man who takes responsibility for his own life and decisions. 
Title: Be generous Content: It can be more rewarding than riches.Keanu is thought to have made about $110 million from Matrix, $75 million of which he reportedly gave to the special effects team and costume design department. He also bought the entire stunt team their own Harley Davidson motorcycles.Over the years, Keanu has also given millions to charities including PETA, the SickKids Foundation, and Stand Up To Cancer.
Title: Let passion drive you Content: Keanu always seems to have put his personal ambitions, morals and preferences before simply taking a job to make money.Perhaps the most famous example of Keanu’s ‘do what you love’ spirit is found when he dismissed $11 million to be in the Speed sequel or a chance to star alongside Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino in the 1995 movie Heat. Instead he chose to partake in a small production of Shakespeare’s Hamlet.
Title: Wait for better days Content: You will lose people, but do not lose yourself.“I don’t want to flee from life, I know the beauty of it... I’m trying not to be alone so much. And, man, it’s a struggle. I want to get married. I want to have kids. That’s at the top of the mountain. I’ve got to climb the mountain first. I’ll do it. Just give me some time.” - Keanu Reeves
Title: Be optimistic Content: A difficult start does not necessarily mean you will have a challenging life, and it certainly doesn’t entitle you to a bad attitude.Despite the many tragedies that have woven their way into the seams of Keanu’s past he remains a positive force in this world,who breaks the mould and boundaries that are often imagined between the famous and the public.
Title: Internet's favorite person Content: Keanu Reeves:philosopher, martial artist, musician, motorcycle enthusiast, movie star, conspiracy theories material and theinternet'sfavourite person.Throughout his life, he seems to have experienced more extremes than any one person could handle. His story is arguably more interesting than any of the roles he has played in his long acting career.