Personal Development,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration,Health
Title: Happiness through progress Content: The true secret to lasting happiness is progress.As long as you are moving forward on your path to a higher state of being, you can feel good about yourself and your journey along the way.
Title: Feed  your mind Content: What you feed your mind is what you become. So give your mind the most nutritious content possible.Read biographies of great people who have achieved amazing things and endured massive challenges. This will help you put your own life into perspective and gain insight.
Title: Strengthen your body daily Content: Adopt a healthy diet, in the long term.You must have the right fuel to push your body and increase strength and stamina.Exercise. Aim for 5 days a week minimum. Push yourself so your heart is racing for at least 10 minutes to get the full cardiovascular benefit.Create a daily ritual to help make you strong. It should leave you feeling happy and ready to take on your day.
Title: Get a role model Content: Models give us templates for how to be better people as well as how to feel happy.If someone is repeatedly successful, it’s not just luck. Watch your role model work, see how they do it and then replicate to achieve the same result. The same rationale can be applied to feeling happy.
Title: Proximity is power Content: When we stay around people who are comfortable, there’s no impetus to grow.No stretch, no improvement.If you want to know how to feel happier, spend time with others who share your passions or who can teach you something new.
Title: Give to others Content: Giving will change your state of mind in positive ways.No matter how bad things may seem, find someone who’s worse off than you and help them. You can give them food, have a conversation or help them solve a problem. Whether it’s large or small, offer something to others and don’t expect anything in return.
Title: Spend time outdoors Content: Living near green spaces and regular exposure to fresh air is associated with a better mindset and feeling happy.Sunlight produces vitamin D, which is important to fight depression, and nature sparks curiosity and wonder.
Title: Get plenty of sleep Content: Feeling happy is much easier when you’re well-rested and able to face the day with optimism and energy.Create some healthy habits that help you power down in the evening and prepare your brain and body for sleep. Say no to commitments that keep you from adequate rest.
Title: Listen to upbeat music Content: Music activates the brain’s reward system. This explains why we start feeling happy as soon as one of our favorite tunes comes on.Music can act as medicine, a mood enhancer and a powerful form of self-expression.
Title: Practice self-care Content: Practicing self-care on a daily basis is the key to how to feel happier because we cannot live a full life unless we treat ourselves well.Take some time every day to do nice things for yourself. It can be as little as getting an espresso at your favorite café or taking a 30-minute nap before going out to meet friends.