Personal Development,Habits,Motivation & Inspiration,Leadership & Management
Title: Turn envy into curiosity Content: This will help you to take action instead of feeling sorry for yourself. So the next timeyou see someone do something you want to do, either:Reverse engineer what they’ve doneSeek them out and ask them how they did it.
Title: The labels you put on yourself Content: They shape your actions. If you think of yourself as lazy or weak, you act in accordance with that label.Instead of placing labels on yourself, try making statements indicating you’re in the process of improving. Change “I am” to “I’m working on it.”
Title: Make success chase you Content: Focus on becoming the best version of yourself, and success will follow:Focus on creating a great product instead of the number of people who will buy it.Focus on writing great blog posts instead of the number of people who will read them.Focus on learning as much as possible instead of seeking worthless credentials.
Title: Finding your tribe Content: Your goal should be to find your tribe and build a following of dedicated people who support your higher vision.Find 300 Spartans instead of building a giant army.
Title: Narrow your focus  Content: Self-awareness leads to prosperity. Find out who you are to figure out what you want.
Title: Fear as motivation Content: Fear provides the motivation you need to succeed if you use it the right way.You can't get rid of fear so point it in a direction that helps you.
Title: Focus on short bursts of productivity  Content: Set aside short blocks of time for focused and productive work. To make the most out of it:Don’t multi-task.Get rid of distractions.Commit to a realistic time frame you can follow through (concentrated work + breaks).
Title: Value experience over credentials Content: If you feel unqualified for the path you're walking on, keep in mind that expertise comes from knowledge and experience — not from a piece of paper.Being viewed as an expert comes from knowing what you’re talking about and earning people’s respect.
Title: You're not wasting time Content: Even if you make a bad choice, you still gain:Experience: Even if you spend years in a career you weren’t suited for, you’ve gained useful skills along the way.Connection: Treat every person you meet as having something valuable to offer.Feedback: When things don’t work out your way on your initial attempt, you’ll have a better idea of what to do next time.
Title: Treat safety as negative Content: Seek to become antifragile by introducing volatility into your life. Structure your life in a way that benefits from uncertainty. The most adaptable species are the ones who survive — not necessarily the strongest.