Personal Development,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: The presidential debates  Content: Presidential debates in USA, and not only, are a really big deal. During these, candidates have not only the possibility to show to the entire country what they are capable of, but this is also their chance to win over the adversary. However, when not used properly, debates can also turn into candidates' biggest nightmare, as they can be used as later evidence for what was inappropriately said.
Title: Kennedy vs. Nixon Content: Having been the first nationally televised presidential debate in history, this event is still seen as a memory worth remembering. Furthermore, what made it even more extraordinary was the fact that  both political figures who participated in the debate would later become  Presidents. An important take-away refers to the fact that, especially during a public event, one should take care of how she or he looks like.
Title: Carter vs. Ford Content: The most important lesson that one can learn from this debate refers to the fact that you should pay extra attention when making statements during a public debate. The consequences can be quite disturbing, even after some good years.
Title: Carter vs. Reagen Content: If during the debate with Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter proved to be more well-informed, the things did not go so well for him during the debate with Ronald Reagan. Reagan taught everybody a great lesson by means of how he talked  and behaved throughout the debate: in order to win the elections, you should first make sure to win the public over. And using your charm will surely do the job.
Title: Bush vs. Clinton vs. Perot Content: Throughout a political debate, it is equally important to use your charm as it is to present trustworthy information, in order to win the public over. Moreover, if there are three candidates instead of two, this will most probably lead to a more challenging discussion and, therefore, more interesting results.
Title: Bush vs. Al Gore Content: Debates are sometimes won over by those who know how to get close to the public, rather than those who know everything. Therefore, even if Al Gore was a highly intellectual, he did lose the elections, as people had grown tired of his lecturers.