Personal Development,Communication,Mental Health
Title: The three why’s Content: Before acting on a decision, ask yourself “Why?” Follow up your response with another “Why?” And then a third.If you can find three good reasons to pursue something, you’ll have clarity and be more confident in your actions.
Title: Expand your emotional vocabulary Content: Putting your feelings into words has a therapeutic effect on your brain; if you’re unable to articulate how you feel, that can create stress.
Title: Practice saying 'no' to yourself Content: The ability to say “no” to yourself to put off short-term gratification ( from daily temptations like social media or junk food) for the long-term gain is an important life-skill.Like a muscle, it is strengthened with exercise
Title: Break visceral reactions Content: Take a deep breath before you act, especially when a situation triggers anger or frustration.Self-awareness allows you to assess situations objectively and rationally, without acting on biases and stereotypes.
Title: Be aware of your flaws Content: We’re often critical of others, while ignorant of our own flaws. Self-awareness helps turn the mirror on ourselves and prevents hypocritical behavior.Create a habit of acknowledging your mistakes, rather than making excuses.
Title: Monitor your self-talk Content: Pay attention to the way you respond to your successes and failures.Being tough on yourself needs to be balanced with self-compassion. Celebrate your wins, forgive your losses.
Title: Body language awareness Content: Record a speech or presentation and evaluate your posture and hand gestures.Slouching increases cortisol and feeds low self-esteem while standing tall stimulates testosterone and improves your performance.Using hand gestures helps with articulating your thoughts and affects how people respond to you.
Title: Take an opposing view Content: It will force you to question your assumptions.Your "default" beliefs and worldview are not always reasonable; it’s healthy to “argue against yourself” and see how your views hold up.
Title: Know your personality type Content: It will allow you to maximize your strengths and manage your weaknesses.Start with understanding where you fall on the introvert/extrovert spectrum; know your Myers-Briggs type; and then conduct a personal SWOT analysis (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats).
Title: Practice self-evaluation Content: Set regular goals, break big goals down into smaller milestones.Ask yourself at the end of each day, “What did I do well today?” and, “How can I improve on this tomorrow?”
Title: Ask for constructive feedback Content: It helps you cut through self-deceit and one-dimensional views you might hold. But only ask people who understand you, whom you respect and will tell you what you need to hear, not what you want to hear.
Title: Meditation Content: It is a foundational practice for improving self-awareness. To focus solely on your breathing is to focus on a key internal process. You’ll become aware of how your mind wanders, and get better at snapping out of distractions.