Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development
Title: Avoiding Distracting Websites Content: There are many tools available that help you block out the rest of the internet while you work, but you can easily reach burnout by not taking breaks.If you get mentally fatigued, try using the Pomodoro technique. Work for 25 minutes straight, then take a 5-minute break to do whatever you like, including checking out websites and social media. You’ll get a lot more done this way.
Title: Reward Yourself Content: If you’re studying towards getting a scholarship, you may decide to reward yourself by stopping work for a day or so. This kind of reward can slow your progress and reduce your momentum.Instead, pick a reward that does not affect your work.For example, once you’ve reached your goal, have dinner at your favorite restaurant with a friend. 
Title: Not Being Realistic Content: There are limits to your personal productivity. You may havehealth issues. You have unique demands on your time.The best way to be productive is to work around these issues. Find out what works for you.
Title: Thinking Multitasking Is Effective Content: When you’re tackling your to-do list, you’re probably trying to do more than one task at once.Recent research has shown how multitasking does not help you get more done.
Title: Delaying Harder Tasks Content: Doing the smaller tasks on your list first is often related to putting off the tasks you don’t want to do.Instead, tackle the hard task first. Get it done and out of the way. Then you’ll feel much more able to tackle the rest of your to-do list.
Title: Not Knowing When You Are Most Productive Content: Everyone has a time of day when they’re most productive. Find your most productive hours of the day, and make the most of them. Once you have, you’ll be amazed at what you can achieve.
Title: Not Delegating Your Work Content: Being productive doesn’t mean that you need to get everything done yourself.Go through all of your daily tasks, and see what you can delegate to others.Maybe you need to hire a virtual assistant.