Remote Work,Teamwork,Communication,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management
Title: Moving from in-person to remote customers Content: Travel restrictions and safety concerns irrevocably changed the ability for companies to bond with clients and customers. Many companies still are trying to figure out a good way to connect with clients over virtual platforms.The lack of in-person interaction makes it much harder for seasoned salespeople and customer-relationship managers to "read the room." It results in missed opportunity and causes a loss in the ability to discover new and transformational ideas and products together.
Title: Key personality types in every business partnership Content: There are certain personality archetypes in every business partnership. The decision-makers: In person, around a table, decision-makers are easy to identify. Virtually, it can be challenging to identify the decision-makers and to identify what they need to make those decisions.The skeptics: Skeptics could be engaged with one on one, often after a meeting to ensure their concerns were heard. In the remote world, it's more challenging to identify and share ideas with them.The trailblazers: Trailblazers often get what you're doing and may endorse a strategy and find a way to innovate and fund them. One could connect with trailblazers at coffee breaks or sidebar conversations. This has all but disappeared in the online world.
Title: Remote work: build trust and develop important relationships Content: Because remote work is likely to persist in some form, business leaders charged with nurturing customer relationships must find a new way to build and grow transformational partnerships.Rediscover the art of business relationships: We need to make time to socialize. Starting a call 10 minutes early for anyone who wants to catch up can allow for the conversations that would typically happen at in-person gatherings.Get creative: Because you're saving money by not entertaining, other creative ways can be found to impress your partners while still building your relationships, such as a virtual studio tour.Demonstrate empathy: The world has also changed for the decision-makers, skeptics, and trailblazers. Ensure to find time to ask them about their internal relationships.