Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Time Management
Title: Habits Are Not Blind Routines Content: Conventional wisdom states that strong habits improve our productivity. Daily habits done in an autopilot mode are not the only route to peak performance.While our habits help us stick to good behaviour by automatic decision making. That’s not to say that your habit streak should never be broken, even if the reason is substantially good.Our habits can do with a certain flexibility, and consistent behaviour, even after the goal is accomplished.
Title: Revisit What You Do Daily Content: Some of our daily to-dos should not require a constant daily effort and could be optimized further. Look for such habits and if the daily effort is straining you, look for other innovative solutions.Time and Energy are limited resources, and as we grow, our habits may become obsolete. We could use the same time and energy to explore new and better options. It is a good idea to pay attention to where we spend our time and see if there is something we do daily but have outgrown long ago.
Title: Consistency and Boredom Content: Being consistent can also lead to burnout and lack of growth, and to be creative and innovative, we sometimes need a break from our daily activity. When we stop and do something new, we start to be part of a creative process, instead of simply repeating the same thing every day.The key is to not rely on a rigid consistency but to be resilient enough to withstand any breaks. Our resilient habits are usually the old ones and have some psychological rewards while involving some external accountability.
Title: Doing The Opposite Content: A creative plateau is reached after a while if you follow a habit strictly. It is a refreshing change to do something opposite. Doing something completely different shakes up the body-mind and rejuvenates creativity and innovative thinking.Extreme consistency of any complex habit is not optimal in the long run, and while habits are a great tool, certain habit systems need to be examined.