Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Problem Solving
Title: Journaling: A Time To Reflect Content: We need time to grasp and internalize what is happening to us in our daily lives. Even if we cannot get over something bad or negative, we would be able to successfully soothe our minds by journaling. Journaling comes at our rescue, as spending time alone penning down your thoughts with complete awareness is also a form of self-reflection.
Title: Choosing Paper Is Better Content: Having a physical ‘thought notebook’ is many times better than using a PC or iPad to pen your thoughts. Words take longer to form in paper, making us process them, and understand ourselves in a better way. Written thoughts ground us, make us come to the present moment, and take us out of the world-bubble for a while. Having an appealing notebook also makes us open it daily.
Title: An Observant's Point Of View Content: Writing down your situation, event or problem provides us with a different perspective, while mapping it for us to see from an observant point of view.When we see it penned in front of us, we discover new details that were not visible when the problem was just in our minds.
Title: The Importance Of The Date Content: Writing a date while penning one’s thoughts makes us subconsciously process that it is an event in the past, providing a certain detachment from the problem, especially if one is trying to get over something.Our negative experiences and things we regret are neatly tagged as the past, removed from our present selves, making our mind sound and decluttered.
Title: Write Honestly Content: Writing without any self-censoring, or hiding is a great way to heal ourselves.We don’t have to worry about filtering our stream of thoughts in this ‘safe zone’. Our thoughts need to be laid bare as they are. It is the only way we understand ourselves, which is priceless.
Title: Be Positive Content: Write about the good stuff, not just any negative thing that you face in your day.As you put your words down of the things that make you happy, it starts to rub off on you.
Title: Start Small Content: So that you don’t find journaling overwhelming, just start by penning a few lines on the thoughts that have occurred in your mind, with no details.You will pick yourself up from there if you are regular.Write using lists and bullets so that your thoughts are organized and start to become meaningful.