Love & Relationships,Communication,Personal Development
Title: Conflict mistaken for passion Content: Arguments and disagreements in relationships are normal, but screaming matches and every day fighting isn’t.People who seek out conflict in their relationship for the intense reconciliation are often addicted to the dopamine that they get after the fight is over – which isn’t healthy for either person.
Title: Conflict mistaken for passion Content: Arguments and disagreements in relationships are normal, but screaming matches and every day fighting isn’t.People who seek out conflict in their relationship for the intense reconciliation are often addicted to the dopamine that they get after the fight is over – which isn’t healthy for either person.
Title: Keeping the peace Content: Ignoring problems in a relationship in order to avoid conflict will only mean that the problems pile up until they can no longer be ignored – and by then, it might be too hard to fix.
Title: Keeping the peace Content: Ignoring problems in a relationship in order to avoid conflict will only mean that the problems pile up until they can no longer be ignored – and by then, it might be too hard to fix.
Title: Keeping score Content: Keeping track of the things that you do, versus the things that they do is away to create pressure and conflict where there should only be teamwork.Sit down together and work out a plan on things like chores or bills, and who does or pays what.
Title: Tit-for-tat Content: If your partner comes to you with something that you did that upset them, listening to what they have to say and talking through it is more important than defending yourself – or trying to come up with something worse than they did.
Title: Never fighting Content: Having two people with two sets of values, opinions and thoughts means that disagreements are bound to happen.When you have two people who never fight, it means that you have two people who aren’t being entirely honest with one another.
Title: Needing to be “completed” Content: When we think that we need someone else, especially a romantic partner, to complete us and make us whole, it shows an unhealthy degree of dependency on another person.
Title: Jealousy Content: Being jealous is actually a toxic behavior. We can’t control our feelings, and sometimes we get jealous over things. But it’s important not to express that jealousy in a way that can hurt our partners, or in a way that’s toxic and upsetting.