Personal Development,Communication,Love & Relationships,Problem Solving
Title: How We Perceived Freedom Content: Not even a century ago, the concept of freedom was extremely limited. Lack of communication and news meant that most of us were aloof and content in our lives, which consisted of our parents, relatives and neighbours, in the immediate vicinity. The figures of authority were followed religiously, with no one even daring to question them. The concept of self-actualization or listening to oneself for an attempt to find out more about the world and life was not encouraged.
Title: Modern Life and Freedom Content: Modern life has provided us with a level of freedom that few of us know how to handle. Most of us are going through life doing whatever we want to do, and yet, paradoxically, we are not experiencing what real freedom is. It’s the mentality of our early years, the education thrust upon us, the belief patterns, rules and regulations that make us fearful of even thinking of changing anything about our lives.
Title: Questioning Our Reality Content: We find out that the people we trusted were not trustworthy, the religion, belief pattern, family value or company policy that we blindly followed, was not worth it. When we begin to question reality and true happiness, when the uncertain moments overwhelm us, then we are shocked to see that no one really cares or knows.
Title: Being On Our Own Content: People don’t really care what we are up to and are too tied up with their own struggles to bother about our living condition and state of mind. We think we are indispensable, and people would miss us if we go away (like in our office), but we are forgotten in a week.
Title: Freedom and Responsibility Content: When we realize that no one is there for us, and we are ourselves responsible for our lives, and the future, we don’t have anyone to blame. We cannot say our parents made us like this, or give the excuse of our inactivity to some circumstance or situation because we are free.When we experience true freedom, we realize it comes with a responsibility towards ourselves and when we work upon ourselves, we make an impact in the world.