Psychology,Mindfulness,Health,Mental Health,Meditation
Title: Homosexual OCD (HOCD)  Content: HOCD is the abbreviation for homosexual obsessive-compulsive disorder. It’s also known as SO-OCD (sexual orientation) or “gay OCD.” It is a variant of OCD, and can have a profound impact on the lives of those living with it. 
Title: Statistics  Content: HOCD affects less than 1% of the population. OCD, the broader category in which HOCD falls, affects 1.2% of Americans — approximately 3.95 million people. Of those 3.95 million, estimates are that 8% of them have sexual orientation obsessions. So a reasonable estimate of the number of Americans suffering from sexual orientation-themed OCD would be 315,000. This a large number for such an infrequently discussed phenomenon! It’s similar to the numbers estimated for Americans living with multiple sclerosis, and more than the number of people living in Cincinnati , Ohio.
Title: How it affects people  Content: Note: HOCD can affect people of any sexual orientation. For simplicity’s sake, this article describes the experience of a straight person with obsessions about being gay. Everything written here can be applied to a gay person with obsessions about being straight; just swap the words “gay” and “straight.”
Title: Symptoms Content: Difficulty setting aside thoughts about your sexual orientationDiminished attraction to the opposite sexReviewing your day or week to feel sure that at no time did you feel attracted to someone of your own sexPreoccupation with one’s level of arousal toward either sexAvoidance of people of the same sexConstruing any positive reaction to a member of the same sex as evidence of being gayChecking one’s response to opposite- or same-sex images of attractive peopleAn urgent need to decide whether one is gay or straightSpending time in anxious rumination about one’s reaction to members of the same or opposite sex, looking for proof that one is gay/straightLooking at pornography, not because of enjoyment but because it is an opportunity to check one’s responses to men vs. women
Title: Common intrusive thoughts caused by HOCD Content: What if I’m gay?Did my noticing that man/woman just now mean I’m gay?Did my childhood interest in rugby/dance as a kid mean I’ve always been gay and missed the signs?Do my friends think I’m gay? If so, are they right?How can I continue in this relationship if I’m actually gay? That’s dishonest!What if these thoughts never go away?How much am I *really* enjoying this stereotypically straight man/woman activity? Maybe not enough!Why did I slow my pace a little when I walked by the LGBT community center the other day?
Title: HOCD compulsions  Content: Compulsions in HOCD run the gamut from the unnoticeable and subtle all the way to the life-altering. People with HOCD feel a strong temptation to eliminate uncertainty about whether they are straight or gay. This has some parallels to Claire Weekes ‘ metaphor of swimming rather than floating ; you want the anxiety to go away, and assume that hard work is needed to make that happen. Paradoxically, the healthiest thing we can do in these situations is… nothing.
Title: Ways to overcome HOCD Content: If you have HOCD, The good news is that there are a lot of things you can do to help yourself. Several strategies are listed below that have been helpful for many suffering from HOCD. One challenge in implementing them is that the obsessive thoughts are hard to shake, and feel very convincing.
Title: Why do HOCD thoughts feel real even when they aren't? Content: The answer involves fear, repetition, and the power of mental habits. People with HOCD focus excessively on their reaction to men vs. women. The fearful intensity of that focus makes it impossible to distinguish between real desire and fear of real desire. (Similar phenomena happen in other anxiety disorders – for example, people who suffer from panic disorder also become very focused on a feared internal experience. In their case, it’s a sensation and not a desire, but the situations are similar.) When this inability to discern real sexual preferences repeatedly meets with fear and pessimism, there are consequences.
Title: Overvalued ideation Content: Sometimes people with HOCD go from being anxious because they’re unsure if they’re gay to being convinced that they’re gay. Instead of feeling horrified that they might have been wrong about being straight, they start to feel horrified that they are certainly wrong about being straight. This shift in thinking reduces the questioning of one’s sexual orientation; the belief that one has been masquerading as straight becomes strong and solid. This is sometimes referred to as overvalued ideation .
Title: Mindfulness-based strategy of dealing with HOCD Content: The traditions of meditation and mindfulness offer a valuable perspective for those struggling with upsetting thoughts about one’s sexual orientation. From the mindfulness perspective, no thoughts are real , regardless of how they feel. They are all temporary experiences without any inherent substance or profound meaning.
Title:   Content: Mindfulness practice helps us maintain a healthy relationship with thoughts (and emotions). It helps us remember that even beliefs we take for granted — e.g., that I’m reading an article on HOCD right now — are not reality. They may be factually based and accurate, but are still just beliefs. This is a useful perspective for someone with HOCD to have as they cope with thoughts and beliefs around their sexual orientation.
Title: How to cope with HOCD thoughts as they arise.  Content: “Maybe I’m gay.” Acknowledge to yourself the possibility that you may be gay. After all, nobody knows for 100% sure, and neither do you.“Maybe I’m not.” Similarly, acknowledge that it’s also absolutely possible that you may be straight.“I don’t know.” Admit to yourself that you just aren’t sure right now whether you’re gay or straight, and rest in that without trying to fix it.“I’m not going to try to figure it out right now.” This is the “response prevention” step. Resolve to yourself that for the next few minutes, you will refrain from efforts to determine whether you’re gay or straight. Allow the question to remain unanswered.
Title: Helpful points to keep in mind when battling against HOCD thoughts.  Content: Thoughts are just thoughts, they are not reality. The same goes for feelings. If you’re feeling completely sure at times that you’re gay, remember this quote from the movie Doubt : “Certainty is a feeling, not a fact.” If you’re able to confront the possibility that you may indeed be gay, but also may be straight, try to rest in that uncertainty without resolving the question. It’s not easy, but the more you can do that, the more you will weaken OCD. 
Title: Medications for HOCD  Content: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are often prescribed in high doses to address symptoms of OCD. Anafranil (clomipramine) is also used in some cases. These medications can help bring down the severity of the HOCD symptoms. However, in our experience, it is quite unusual for someone to make significant and lasting progress against HOCD without learning, to some extent, how to understand and cope with the intrusive thoughts.
Title: What does ERP therapy involve for HOCD? Content: The first stage of ERP is informational. You will learn about OCD and about how obsessions and compulsions work. Your therapist will teach you different ways of understanding the thoughts and feelings you’ve been having. (Check out our post with examples of how HOCD presents and how treatment can help.) This way of understanding your symptoms is a critical framework for what comes next.
Title: What does ERP therapy involve for HOCD?  Content: Next, your therapist and you will develop a list of people, places, situations, images, etc. that trigger the anxiety that comes with HOCD thoughts. Your therapist will then teach you how to do exercises called exposures. In these exercises, you purposefully “expose” yourself to something that will evoke a little bit of HOCD anxiety. Following that, you practice responding differently than you have been; you refrain as best you can from efforts to seek reassurance about your sexual orientation. You also refrain from ruminating about the possibility that you might be gay. If you’re able to refrain from doing these things for a long enough time, you will weaken your HOCD.