Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development,Habits,Health
Title: Think About Urgency And Regret Content: You don't know when death will come, so live with urgency to usher your ideas and dreams into reality.Get clear on precisely what you want, then move past any doubts or fears through massive, urgent action.
Title: Bunker Down In a Secret Location Content: Find a place and schedule in which you will not be disturbed. Concentration and focus must be trained. Having a special time and space to do focused work, will train your brain to do it better.To maximize productivity, prepare for deep work with deep breathing and visualizing your desired end state. Also, chunk work into 45-minute blocks and do some movement and yoga between those deep work sets.
Title: Ask If It’s a ‘Heck-Yes’ Opportunity Content: The more successful you become, the more shiny opportunities offer themselves to you, but not all of them are good for you in the moment.Always ask yourself, or the people around you, if the pros outweigh the cons by a large margin. If they don’t, refuse the opportunity as it will become a stressful commitment.
Title: Resist ‘Doing It All’ Content: If you try to do all you can you will be overwhelmed and feel guilty for not giving adequate focus to anything.Remove everything from your life that’s unnecessary to be left with worthwhile things to pursue. Also, have a top-priority itemto accomplish and don't move to another until you check it off.
Title: Find Something To Obsess About Content: When you find something you love, focus comes naturally.It doesn’t have to be work related, but you do need something you’re passionate about to give more meaning to your life and even to compensate discontent in other areas of your life.
Title: Strategy to Increase Focus Content: Use stress as a tool.Develop a morning routine.Break your work into 90-minute blocks, in line withyour body’s natural rhythms.Create recharging rituals for your body, emotions, and mind.Optimize your sleep.
Title: Don’t Multitask Content: Be fully present at what you doing, else you’ll find yourself at home thinking about work, and at work thinking about home.Multitasking hurts your performance in all involved tasks, so schedule things in a way that you don’t have to do it.
Title: Create a Fierce Focus Culture Content: To build something special, incentivize all involved to develop fierce focus. This is the only way to avoid the trap of caving into the norm and losing the essence of your core difference.Fierce focus is only achieved when all involved understand their purpose and set clearly defined, measurable goals to achieve.