Health,Exercise & Fitnesss,Remote Work
Title: The real benefits Content: Working out at home is a tricky concept and can be harder to execute when the couch is right there in your view.You can gain a lot from giving physical activity a real place of privilege in your schedule and devoting a good amount of time and attention to it. Apart from getting your blood pumping, the real benefits are creating time for your own interests and allowing yourself to check out mentally while focusing on simple tasks.
Title: Home exercises can help Content: It's tough to build a lot of strength or otherwise make progress without the incremental weights you find at a gym, but a few inexpensive home tools and specific movements can go a long way.It is important to ensure that you prioritize compound movements that work muscle systems, not individual muscles. You'll get a lot more done in less time if you focus on bigger movements - squat, bench, deadlift, row, overhead press.
Title: Lower and upper body movements Content: Goblet squats and squat jumps are great for your lower body when you only have dumbbells. You could also try lunge variations, split squats, step-ups, and deadlift variations.For your upper body, you could do some chest presses, pushups, row variations, curls, tricep extensions or pullups (if you have a pullup bar installed in a doorway.)
Title: How to set up a routine Content: Get in three sets of 8-10 reps of four movements, two for your upper body, and two for your lower body.You can "super-set" or alternate to make them go quicker. (one lower body, then an upper body exercise, so one half of your body is resting while the other is working.)If you need more instruction, several dumbbell/bodyweight routines will give you more specific instructions.
Title: Do what you can Content: Human bodies can get stronger and more capable faster than many people think, but it takes more equipment than a few resistance bands and dumbbells.On-ramping yourself in small doses to new habits can be helpful, but bigger bites may make the new habits stick. However, this is a great time to maintain your strength in different ways.