Personal Development,Problem Solving,Teamwork,Remote Work,Communication
Title: A brief overview of brainstorming Content: The brainstorming process was popularized in the 1950s by Alex Osborn, an advertising executive at Barton, Batton, Durstine, & Osborn (BBDO).Frustrated by his employees’ inability to come up with good campaign ideas on their own, Osborn started to experiment with different collaborative exercises.
Title: Principles of brainstorming Content: Generate as many ideas as possible. For the purposes of this exercise, quantity is more important than quality.Don’t judge any ideas until the session is over. People will hold back if they think they may be judged negatively.Encourage people to think outside of the box. Although wild ideas may not be feasible, they steer the conversation in new directions.Combine ideas. Encouraging people to build off one another makes it easier for them to contribute and boosts team morale.
Title: Work alone—together Content: Give people time to think by themselves prior to the brainstorm, so everyone has a chance to take his or her thought process in a unique direction.A potential consequence of brainstorming is convergent thinking: the tendency for individuals’ ideas to become increasingly similar over the course of a brainstorming session.
Title: Assemble a team of people who really know each other Content: For the best results, put together a group of employees who are not only capable of working together, but who enjoy working together, too.A brainstorming session is far more effective when the participants are familiar with each other.
Title: Differentiate between feasible and original Content: It’s important to clearly define the goals of your brainstorming session. Because as a brainstorming session goes on, the ideas tend to get less feasible and more original.So if you’re looking for something that falls in line with what you’re already doing, you can keep your sessions short and sweet. And if you’re looking for something that you’ve never done before, you should aim for relatively long brainstorms.