Personal Development,Product & Design,Society, Arts & Culture
Title: Transitional design Content: When decorating your house, you might consider the transitional design if you find both traditional and modern designs not suitable for you. Better go with the mix of the two. Accessories are kept to the minimum, while the furniture and the textiles have the central role.
Title: Traditional design  Content: One of the most well-known interior designs is the traditional one. The dark wooden furniture is often ornately detailed and usually includes crystal chandeliers. Furthermore, among the popular patterns are: damask, florals, strips and plaids.Maybe the best sign that you might be into this kind of design is the fact that you have a thing for consistency: matching furniture sets is basically the main rule when it comes to this design style.
Title: Modern design Content: The modern design refers generally to a specific time period and it gets its features from the mix of Scandinavian, mid-century modern and post-modern design. Designers tend to prefer metal, chrome and glass integrated into a minimal decor. 
Title: Eclectic design Content: The eclectic design identifies itself as a culture rich interior style.Neutral color palette mixed with a few accent colors bring life to your house, while perfectly balancing color and texture. Another feature to be taken into account is the mix of new and old.
Title: Contemporany design Content: The contemporary interior design has as main feature the fact that it finds itself in a constant evolution, as it refers to current times. Among the most used materials there are metal and glass. Furthermore, the neutral color palette is the favourite one along with textured fabrics.
Title: Minimalist design Content: If you are a fan of the Japanese design, meaning uncomplicated forms and simple finishes, then the minimalist interior design will fit you like a glove.  Functional furniture, which offers additional room for storage is also one of the main features of this extremely attractive type of interior design.
Title: Mid century modern design  Content: The mid century modern interior design style would be best described as involving elements that emphasize the connection to nature, such as sliding doors and picture windows. Moreover, luxurious woods such as walnut are a must as well as accents of mustard yellow and avocado. 
Title: Bohemian design  Content: If you define yourself as a fan of the mix of different cultures and artistic expressions, then you might find in the bohemian interior design style exactly what your house lacks in order to perfectly fit your personality. Bold patterns mixed with bright colors are other features of this stunning design style.
Title: Modern farmhouse design Content: Bringing the classic farmhouse design style in the modern world involves a preference for wide plank floors, open concept living and sleek lightning. Furthermore, mixing metals and usingneutral color palettes in order to emphasize the connection to nature are other features just as impressive of this design style.
Title: The shabby chic design Content: The shabby chic interior design style is characterized by the preference for the vintage furniture with a feminine feel, which is often provided by floral patternsand crystal chandeliers. More than that, if you are into elegant and cozy atmosphere, this style might just be the right one for you.
Title: Coastal design Content: If you are a fan of the seaside, you will definitely enjoy decorating your house with neutral color palettes and pops of blue. Add some more blue glass vases, striped wallpaper and indoor plants and the connection to nature will be completed. 
Title: Hollywood glam design  Content: This design style is actually a mix of art deco and mid-century modern. High contrast color combinations alongside top chandeliers paired with mirrored furniture are further features of this sophisticated design style. 
Title: Southwestern design Content: This stunning design is best characterized by the soft lines of adobe houses, Spanish textiles, ironwork and nature. Furthermore, the favourite materials are leather and suede, while the color pallets inspire themselves from the American dessert.
Title: Rustic design Content: The rustic design would best be defined through its farmhouse charm. The use of natural materials as well as its simplicity and the love for the beauty of nature can easily be spotted when visiting a house decorated in this design style. 
Title: Industrial design Content: The industrial style is more of a masculine style, with exposed pipes and beams. The main materials used in decorating are bricks and concrete. The furniture, often unfinished, is usually  paired with antiques. 
Title: French country design Content: Now this is indeed a sophisticated mix of various styles, such as the shabby chic, farmhouse and traditional. Furthermore, juxtapositions are to be found just about everywhere, providing the place with a feminine neutral design style.
Title: Scandinavian design Content: The Scandinavian interior design style involves the use of white walls, large mirrors and cozy textiles along with glass furniture and clean lines. All this is chosen in order to give a feeling of relaxation. 
Title: Mediterranean design Content: This design style is suitable for individuals who prefer arches, columns and interior balconies. Furthermore, the wood furniture often presents ornate features. 
Title: Art deco design Content: Pieces from this design style include pointed edges and jagged corners. More than this, oversized  furniture is one of the basics. 
Title: Asian Zen design Content: The Asian Zen interior design style inspires itself from the contemporary design. If you want to live in a house fit to satisfy your need to relax as well as your love for nature, then you can consider yourself lucky, as you have just discovered to make that happen.