Personal Development,Career,Communication,Leadership & Management
Title: Where you see yourself in 5 years Content: A regular job-interviewing question is where you see yourself in 5 years.The purpose of this question is to see if you would like to stay at the company for many years. Bringing on new employees is both time-consuming and costly. The company does not want to go to all the effort and cost of training you, only to have you leave.
Title: Too Much Focus on the Future Content: The "Where do you see yourself in 5 years" question is about the interviewer wanting to see if you can draw a straight line from the future back to the present. A two-part answer works well." I want this particular job..." reinforces your desire for the position.In part two, explain your future plans "... because it will help ..."
Title: What Career Path the Company Offers Content: You should answer the question honestly, but your answer should also reflect the research you put into the company.Find out what training programs are offered through the firm while holding down your full-time job. Mention your goal to grow your skills, and you'll impress your interviewer with your future-focused desires.
Title: Don't Fight this Question Content: The question forces you to look at your future. Lean into the question instead of away from it.Don't say, "I can't possibly know..." If you really haven't given much thought to your long-term career path, answer in a broad, nonspecific way while still showing a positive attitude.
Title: Being Realistic Content: You may be very ambitious to climb as high and as far up the company as soon as possible. If you shoot too high, you may alarm your interviewers and come off as over-eager or unrealistic. Realize that advancing one or two positions above the one you're interviewing for is the most likely.
Title: Proving Your Staying Power Content: There is currently a high job turnover rate. Employers are trying to see which candidates are likely to stick around.Try to demonstrate that you see yourself staying within the company, learning, and adding value.