Personal Development,Time Management,Productivity,Health,Problem Solving
Title: The Progress Principle: Tiny steps build motivation Content: If you wait for the ideal conditions before you start, you'll probably never do it.A lack of motivation is an emotional issue. That means there is no hack to save you. The best way to get motivated is just to start. Small steps on meaningful tasks will build motivation.
Title: Look for ways your work impacts the people around you Content: Procrastination is worst when we don't see the point of our jobs. The connection to a larger purpose helps us find meaning and motivation at work.If your job doesn't make a huge impact, think about how it has helped the people you spend your day with. Each day, write down three ways your work has helped your coworkers.
Title: Giving advice to someone else can be motivating Content: We don't lack motivation because we don't know how to be motivated, but because we don't know how to act on our own knowledge.When we feel unmotivated, it's common to seek advice. But research shows that giving advice can be more motivating than receiving advice.
Title: Knowing how to ride the “motivation wave” Content: We may not feel motivated all the time but we should take advantage when we are motivated. The key isn't to use this wave to get something done today, but to use that rush of motivation to set up systems that will force you to build better habits and stay motivated when you don't feel like it. On a smaller scale, use your most productive hours to make progress on something you've been putting off.
Title: Feeling unmotivated can be an organizational issue Content: Stressful workplaces are often poorly designed, socially toxic, exploitative and can kill motivation.If you're unsure whether your workplace is to blame, ask yourself:Do you feel challenged?Do you feel a sense of curiosity?Are you mostly in control of how you spend your day?Do you have opportunities to collaborate or compete?Do you feel you're getting enough recognition?
Title: Hobbies and motivation Content: The lack of motivation might also come from an unbalanced work-life.Give yourself space. Take on a hobby, engage in deliberate rest or a meaningful break to help you disconnect from work and increase your happiness.