Problem Solving,Communication,Personal Development,Learning & Education
Title: Research Backed Methods For Faster Reading Content: Research points to speed reading being a form of skimming, which is appropriate for short text but not for longer ones.For long texts, reading more to increase vocabulary or read things you already know a lot about are the only scientifically backed methods to increase speed and comprehension.
Title: Measurements Of Speed Reading And Comprehension Content: Although there is an academic consensus that speed-reading decreases comprehension,On the other hand, the same can’t be said for comprehension measurement techniques, as we can process text differently according to context.
Title: The Fundamental Flaw On Speed Reading Softwares Content: Softwares using the RSVP (Rapid Serial Visual Presentation) method eliminate time-wasting eye movements by presenting you one word at a time. Again, the science says this tends to have a negative impact on comprehension as the rereading is important for understanding text.
Title: The Types of Eye Movements Content: Regressions: Quick, unconscious re-readings we do when we don't understand something.Saccades: Jerky, 0.1-second eye movements we use to move our fovea (center of vision) from one word to another. Fixations: Brief, 250-millisecond pauses, each word receives during reading.
Title: The Impossibility Of Ignoring Your Inner Voice Content: Proponents of speed reading claim sub-vocalization is a detrimental habit that can be suppressed to increase ones reading speed. On the other hand, research indicates even using techniques to stop sub-vocalization, the merevisual recognition of words accesses the sounds of those words anyway.
Title: Sub Vocalization Content: Is the inner speech readers hear in their heads as they read silently.
Title: The Complexity Of Reading Content: Unlike speech, reading and writing are "cognitively unnatural." As a human instinct, speech doesn’t have to be taught to an infant. Writing does, because it is not a purely visual process, both reading and writing piggyback on language and speech.
Title: Reading's Mental Dance Content: Reading involves the visual acquisition of the symbols by the eye and the cognitive processing that goes on in the background. It's an intricate dance between a number of visual and mental processes highly dependent on language.
Title: The Average Reader Content: Most educated people can read between 250 to 400 words per minute) with good comprehension.For comparison, a normal conversation produces 150 to 160 words per minute.
Title: Speed Reading Versus Evidence Content: There are different techniques that claim to increase ones reading speed but decades of medical and psychological research indicates that said speed gain comes at the cost of understanding.