Personal Development,Productivity,Time Management,Problem Solving
Title: Think About It Content: Acting without first reflecting can make things worse. Regularly reviewing how you spend your time will give you insight into how you got to your present state, how to move forward strategically, and how you work best in general.Make time for quiet reflection or journaling. Think about or write what stresses you, why something isn’t working, or when during the day you’re most productive.
Title: Manage Your Inbox Content: Knowing your inbox isn’t overflowing can save you a lot of mental stress, which helps you focus on more important tasks. You can reduce your message by:Unsubscribe from promotional and notification emails. Use filters to sort nonessential email into specified sections of your inbox, so they don’t show up every time you log in.Use programs to schedule emails and send reminders, so you can deal with emails on your own time.
Title: Have a “Mental Junk Drawer” Content: Dump your ideas, notes, lists, and saved articles that don’t have another home into a digital document. This clears some mental space—without adding papers and notebooks to your actual junk drawer.
Title: Automate  Content: To-do lists tend to accumulate not so important tasks. Try to outsource and automate those you can.Good automation lets you forget the task. So instead of interrupting the flow of your workday with little tasks, you can concentrate on the high-impact stuff that requires your full focus and attention.
Title: Use Lists Content: Listshelp you compartmentalize your mental clutter.Writing something on a to-do list frees up mental space, as you won’t have to remember it.Having your responsibilities organized in one place, you can better choose what to do. Makea priority list in addition to your to-do list with your top three priorities to ensure you’re progressing on what matters. Create a list to recordyour accomplishments during the day so they can boost your motivation when you’re feeling down.