Love & Relationships,Communication,Personal Development,Teamwork,Career
Title: Focus on Being Open Content: Don't worry about being rejected, or that you might not be fun enough.Be open and inviting.
Title: Make a List Content: Make a list of people that you would like to get to know better.Consider extending an invitation and see what happens.
Title: Put It On the Calendar Content: Decide when you are going to ask someone to do something together.Schedule these initial contacts to ensure that you won't keep putting it off.
Title: Accept Invites Content: Don't shy away from invitations. If someone invites you to do something, accept the invitation.If you are unable to accept, make an effort to do something else together instead.
Title: Try New Things Content: Expand your horizons and try new things: for example, an art class or a dance class. It will open up the possibility of making friends in new and interesting places.
Title: Leverage Social Media Content: The purpose of social media is to connect people.If a friend posts something that interests you, reach out and make a connection. Use social media to organize get-togethers.
Title: Connect With Co-Workers Content: You spend a large amount of time with the people you work with. You likely know a great deal about one another.Consider inviting one of your co-workers to do something non-work related.
Title: Join a Gym Content: Strike up a casual conversation with the person next to you.Then, chat and say hello each time you see each other at the gym. It might be the beginning of a friendship.
Title: Attend a Meet-Up Content: Meet-ups and other networking events are a great way to meet new people who share the same passions.
Title: Attend Church Content: Churches are a great place to meet new people and make friends. There are usually other opportunities of involvement, such as a Bible study, volunteer opportunities or a weekly potluck.
Title: Maintain the Friendships You Make Content: After you have made a few connections, stay in contact.Reach out regularly to your new friends. Call or text. Show an interest in the things that are important to them.