Personal Development,Career,Problem Solving,Time Management,Leadership & Management
Title: Passion is key to success Content: Passion seems to be essential for success and happiness.Psychologists have devised tools that can measure passion to some extent. Questions were chosen that carefully differentiate passion from other experiences. Not surprisingly, people who score higher on the passion scale tend to be more committed and less likely to change jobs.
Title: A career without passion Content: While some people have a clear calling from an early age, many spend their whole careers without having ever discovered their passion.The most basic foundation of passion is an intense interest in what you're doing.
Title: Mindsets Content: Some people tend to see their abilities as fixed, that you either have a talent for something or you don't.Others have a growth mindset where they believe that abilities can change over time.These mindsets determine how we face challenges: We either give up when we are faced with difficulties or we persevere knowing that we will improve over time.
Title: Fixed vs. growth mindset Content: People with a fixed mindset: They believe that the core interest remains the same and won't really change.They fail to see connections between disciplines.They may continue to search for the "perfect" job while neglecting the other possibilities in front of them.Those with a growth mindset:They believe that regardless of how central their interests are to them, they can change.They approach material outside of their field with curiosity.They see possibilities between disciplines that lead to greater creativity.
Title: Grow your passion Content: We should move beyond the idea of "finding your passion." There is no secret, perfect job you just need to discover. If you don't like something at first, it can take time for things to develop.To ignite your passion:Focus on your work's value to society.Follow inspiring mentors.Make a special effort to develop your own expertise.With the right mindset, a little bit of interest can grow into a passion.