Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Communication
Title: The Non-Question-Asking Friend Content: No matter what's going on in your life, good or bad, this type of friend will never ask you anything about it.He is either: extremely self-absorbed and only wants to talk about himself, he usually avoids getting to close to people or he really thinks you're self-absorbed and doesn't want to hear you brag about your life.
Title: The Friend You Can't Be Alone With Content: Not because you dislike each other, but because you have noindividual friendship with each other whatsoever.This makes alone time very awkward for both of you.
Title: The Friend Terrified Of Earnest Interaction Content: He hastall walls up, at least toward you, and so he builds a little skit for you two to hang out in to make sure any authentic connection can be avoided.Sometimes that person only does this out of social anxiety and can actually become a great friend if you manage to break through that wall.
Title: The Double-Obligated Friendship Content: Maybe you don't even realize you don't enjoy being friends with this person, or maybe you just like the idea ofbeing friends with them.Most likely, they feel the same way about you.You usually get together after a long exchange of texts, because you can't seem to find the time that works for both of you.
Title: The Half Marriage Content: This friendship would be a marriage if only the other person weren’t extremely not interested in that happening.Be smart and respect yourself enough to move on with your life. And if you're the part not interested, don't give false hopes to people.
Title: The Historical Friend Content: You've been friends since when you were little and managed to stay friends through the years.You got used to each other and most likely would not be friends if you were to meet today.
Title: The Non-Parallel Life Paths Friendship Content: You may be the same age, but you have totally different existences from one another.This kind of friendship usually happens around the age of 30, because people advance into full adulthood at different paces.
Title: The Frenemy Content: This friend only wants bad things for you.You and the Frenemy usually go way back, have a very deep friendship, and the trouble probably started a long time ago. That's why this kind of friend knows very well how to harm you.
Title: The Facebook Celebrity Friend Content: You're probably creeping on this friend. He's not really a celebrity, you're just very wellacquainted with their Facebook page. They probably have no idea this is happening.
Title: The Lopsided Friendship Content: Some ways to assess the nature of a friendship’s power dynamic: does one person cut in and interrupt the other person while they’re talking far more than the other way around? Is one person’s opinion or preference just kind of understood to carry more weight than the other’s? Is one person allowed to be more of a dick to the other than vice versa?A near 50/50 friendship is ideal, but anything out to 65/35 is fine and can often be attributed to two different styles of personality.