Videos,Health,Personal Development,Psychology
Title: Autonomous sensory meridian response - ASMR Content: ASMR is an emotional state that some people experience when they hear, see, and feel certain "triggers," such as whispering, delicate hand movements, and light touch.The feeling is described as a tingling sensation that starts from the top of the head and spreads down the neck and limbs. Feelings of euphoria and relaxation accompany this "trance-like" state.
Title: ASMR: Common triggers Content: ASMR typically emerges in childhood. When people find out that ASMR is a "thing", they often report that they thought everyone had the same experience or that it was unique to them.Common triggers include soft touch, whispering, soft-speaking, close attention, delicate hand movements, and crisp sounds. Situations that induce ASMR are often a combination of these triggers, such as getting a haircut or watching someone complete a mundane task.
Title: Brain tingles Content: One study showed that periods of ASMR tingling were associated with increased activation in brain regions involved in emotion, empathy, and affiliative behaviors.Other studies show that people with ASMR have less distinct and more blended neural networks, suggesting that ASMR could happen because of a reduced ability to suppress emotional responses that we obtain from our senses.
Title: ASMR and a higher openness to experience Content: Research suggests that people who experience ASMR have a larger tendency to have more immersive or absorbing experiences.People with ASMR score higher on 'openness to experience,' reflecting imagination, intellectual curiosity, and appreciation of art and beauty. People with ASMR are also more empathetic when looking at compassion and concern for others.
Title: ASMR as a therapy tool Content: People with ASMR show significant reductions in their heart rates when watching ASMR videos.These stress reductions were similar to those experienced during mindfulness and music therapy. But research is not clear whether ASMR can and should be used as an effective form of therapy.