Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development,Teamwork,Remote Work
Title: Time Management And Personality Content: In order for any time-management method to be successful, you have to take into account people’s individual behaviors at work. There is no one-size-fits-all method for time management.
Title: The Action Hero  Content: Give them a seemingly impossible list of tasks and they will have them done and dusted faster than a speeding bullet. But in their haste, they can miss things and prioritize nonurgent tasks.Strategy: For this type, ranking tasks according to urgency is a good call.
Title: The Diva  Content: Very sociable and upbeat but with a tendency to procrastinate, they often boast about their nonexistent achievements giving the impression they are more productive than they really are.Strategy: breaking tasks into tiny steps, scheduling their resolution and setting reminders works well. Email management according to urgency is also crucial considering how much time it usually consumes.
Title: The Workhorse Content: Thoughtful, cautious, methodical and quite independent in terms in carrying out tasks. They plan and prioritize well, but may be seen as overcautious, while others can be frustrated by their inertia. Their dedication to the job can also lead to an unwillingness to share the burden of work.Strategy: Choose the most important things you need to focus on and those that only you can do, while delegating the rest according to staff skills.
Title: The Yes-Man Content: Good team player and always helpful but this type is reluctant to push back and can end up overloaded working extremely long hours or missing deadlines.Strategy: Take breaks and learn to say no. It will take time but it can be done.
Title: The Perfectionist  Content: Takes long to finish a task and is very much focused on quality over quantity. This leads to them feeling stressed, overwhelmed and having difficulty to multitask.Strategy: Get rid of clutter, especially on the email. Use methods like the "inbox zero" – where you keep your inbox empty or almost so at all times.