Personal Development,Learning & Education,Problem Solving
Title: Writing down the deadline Content: It is important to write down your deadlines on a calendar that you can see on a daily basis. Review your calendar each day to ensure that you do not miss any of them.
Title: Failing to research the options Content: If you have a deadline, research your options ahead of time before finalizing that deadline.It may take you longer to complete a project than initially anticipated.
Title: Falling prey to lack of motivation Content: Procrastination is often due to the lack of motivation to complete the project.Offer yourself a reward for working on the project consistently or for when you finish the project.
Title: Setting unrealistic deadlines Content: Set deadlines that are realistic so that you do not feel pressured to rush. Rushing is not a good way to accomplish any task successfully.
Title: Too many deadlines Content: ... can leave you stressed out beyond your max.Create achievable deadlines. If you've got too many deadlines, either choose a different deadline for some tasks or see if you can delegate them.
Title: Too far into the future Content: If your deadline is set too far in the future, you might not really find the motivation to work consistently on meeting that deadline.Instead, break that deadline down into smaller tasks.
Title: Lack of steps toward the deadline Content: Take your project and break it into smaller steps. Mark each deadline until the final project is done.Tacking projects in bite-size bits is much more attainable and keeps your momentum going.
Title: You just need patience Content: Sometimes we set an unmanageable deadline on something that really just needs time and some consistency. For example, trying to lose 20 pounds in a month might not be feasible.
Title: Not understanding what is involved Content: Take a few days to consider what you want to accomplish within your deadline.You may forget something important if you just rush into setting that deadline.
Title: Mimicking others Content: If you set the same deadlines that worked for others, you could be setting yourself up for failure.Be confident that you can set your own deadlines that will work for you.