Books,Love & Relationships
Title: Domestic Violence Content: When another person consistently aims to control their partner through physical, sexual, or mental, emotional, abuse. It's more than just an assult. It's painful, manipulative, it's isolated, control.  An abuser uses intimidating hurtful words and behaviors to control their partner.Its all about that feeling for them. They like to feel that power and control over over another. 
Title: Different types of Abuse  Content: Physical Abuse: When your partner uses his fist and punches you, choking you, some to pass out or even to death. Use of weapons including objects, hurting the children. Forcing her to take drugs locking the victim up. Harassment and Stalking following & watching poping up at your place being intimidated phone an online harassmentSocial Abuse controlling every move you makeNot allowing you too have friendsWant let you use the car or phone. 
Title: Abusive Partner Content: You can know someone for year's even majority of their life and not actually know who they are. In a lot of domestic cases that seems to be the case. They live this life of happiness, they create a persona of themselves having everyone else believing their this sweet, loving, kind person. But behind closed doors, they are this evil, scarry, person that not even the love of their life recognizes. 
Title: How abuse impacts victims  Content: It can take a long time before victims of domestic violence recognizes their situation for what it is. Abuse can leave physical marks and even scars. From bruises to broken bones, go shortness of breath and sometimes even death. Victims can suffer short and long term emotional and psychological effects, including feelings of confusion or hopelessness, depression, anxiety, panic attacks, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) 
Title: Life with an Abuser Content: Also called "Intimate Partner Violence" always involves an imbalance of power and control. An abuser uses intimidating, hurtful words to control their partner. Calls you namesInsults youPuts you down Prevents you from going to work or school Want allow you to see friends, family membersControls how you spend your money Where you can goWhat medicines you take What you can wearActs jealous and very possessiveConstantly accuses you of being unfaithfulCf ery angry when drinking or using drugs Threatens you with violence or a weaponHits, kicks, shaves, slaps, chokes or otherwise hurts you, the children, or your pets. Forces you to have sex or engage in sexual acts against your will. They hold you responsible for their actions, for their violence /violent behaviors and then tells you that you deserve it. DONT TAKE THE BLAME! 
Title: Misdiagnosis Content: Your doctor/therapist can diagnose you wrong by not knowing your true nature because are not being honest about being the victim of domestic violence. 