Problem Solving,Personal Development,Habits,Learning & Education
Title: The Essence Content: It’s important to have a deep willingness to read and grow in the process. Approach reading as a fun, enjoyable and transformational activity that ultimately impacts your life.With this kind of mindset, you’ll become intentional about the books you read by picking out those areas in your life that need improvement and plan towards growing to the next level by reading the right books that target those problem areas.
Title: Determine Your Reading Goal  Content: Start off by setting a goal. This goal should be articulate and backed up with a purpose.For some, it could be a goal of reading 24 books in a year. Once you’re done placing a target figure to your reading goal, then divide them into smaller goals.
Title: Make a List of Books for Each Month Content: Write out a list of the amazing books you want to read. Ask for recommendations from friends and mentors.By being intentional about your reading list, you’ll stay focused on your ultimate goals and avoid lurking at any book that passes you by.
Title: Read at Least 10-20 Pages a Day  Content: Consider setting aside at least 10-20 pages per day to read, especially if you have a busy schedule. This process will help you stay focused as you look forward to accomplishing your daily goal of a specific number of pages.Take out time to understand and engage in the reading process. This way, you’ll be open to learn and be able to transfer that knowledge to others when an opportunity comes.
Title: Invest in Tools that Encourage Reading  Content: For most people today, mobile apps, tablets, news aggregators, ebook readers, and other online tools actually work wonders. Because the world is digital, most people prefer having their handy mobile appliances that would help them stay on top of their goals.Figure out what tools work best for you and invest in them.
Title: Set Reading Times and Days Content: Set aside specific times every day to read your assigned book for the week/month and any other articles you may have bookmarked.Ready for at least 30-40 minutes a day is a great start and would help you develop a concrete reading habit as you’ll always look forward to having your ‘me time’ that supports your reading goals.
Title: Get a Reading Partner or Book Club   Content: Get a reading partner who has a heart and willingness to read, and create a plan to help you achieve your reading goals. With a book club, you’ll create a concrete strategy that constantly keeps you motivated and inspired to grow beyond your comfort zone. Such gatherings give you an opportunity to discuss lessons you learned and other thoughts.