Love & Relationships,Psychology,Personal Development,Mental Health
Title: Take Your Time Content: Breaking up can trigger chemical, emotional and physical reactions that cause you to feel lonely, unloveable, depressed, and worthless.Instead of pushing yourself to move forward quickly, take time to acknowledge how you are feeling. Your thoughts might be distorted, but your feelings are real. Take the time you need to explore them.
Title: Good Grief Content: The fivestages of grief are:denial (inability to accept reality),anger (physical tension, frustration, resentment),bargaining (magical thinking, pleading to God),depression (sadness, emptiness, guilt, sleeplessness, loss of appetite, hopelessness),acceptance.
Title: Become Anti-Social (Media) Content: Nothing good can come from looking at your ex’s Instagram stories or Facebook timeline.When it comes to social media, just say no.
Title: Try Mindfulness Content: To manage the unpleasant sensations, thoughts, and feelings, try practicing deep breathing, body scans, meditation, and other mindful activities.Allowingthings to flow freely, without trying to control, stop, avoid, or manipulate them, will make them less powerful, loosens their grip on you, and gives youthe confidence and skill you need to act in the face of them.
Title: Date Yourself Content: Rediscover yourself by dating yourself.Set time aside to date yourself by scheduling it in. Decide what you are going to do with that time. Engage in dating prep. Why should you only spend time getting all dolled up for someone else?Go on the date with mindful presence. Be open to the experience, and enjoy the moment.
Title: Remember Why You Broke Up Content: It may be painful to recall what your ex said when things ended, but it is a necessary part of moving on.You need to accept the reality of why the relationship has ended so you can get pastit.
Title: Find Therapy Content: If you need additional help, therapy can be a wonderful resource to provide you with support and new tools to assist in letting go.Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy, for example, is a short-term treatment model with measurable goals that can teach you how to change unhelpful, negative automatic thoughts and maladaptive behaviors that stop you from moving on.