Motivation & Inspiration,Problem Solving,Personal Development,Business,Leadership & Management
Title: Be Curious Content: Static systems stifle curiosity. Reintroduce curiosity into your brand by changing your perception of the world to a more dynamic one.Instead of focusing on controlling the outcome when innovating, focus instead on thinking in dynamic terms and accepting many possible outcomes. This fosters curiosity in your team.
Title: Be Keenly Aware Content: Part of finding inspiration is being keenly aware of subtle changes in your surroundings.Only by getting out of the office and living within the network participants’ worlds will you be able to notice the subtle changes that magnify inspiration.
Title: Use Your Imagination Content: To find inspiration is important to have an active imagination, and that needs to be exercised. Turn on your imagination by doing creative things.Do things that encourage people to find inspiration through the use of “out of the box” thinking. When you support this kind of thinking by not criticizing it, new inspiration will really start to flow.
Title: Have a Human Touch Content: When exploring newly formed network connections, you’ve first got to gain the trust of those in the network. If you’re only there to complete your business task, it’s obvious to others and doesn’t engender trust at all.Take the time to care about the people from whom you’re trying to gain inspiration. That requires sharing a part of yourself and being more vulnerable.
Title: Be Patient  Content: Finding inspiration is a journey with no beginning or end. Like anything else, most of us can’t find real inspiration the first time we try. Finding true inspiration is something that you’ve got to spend every day doing, a little at a time. So, bring it into your daily schedule.
Title: Always Stay Connected Content: Being connected, but also a part of your network’s community, allows you to consistently find inspiration for both products and marketing faster than your competitors.