Teamwork,Communication,Personal Development,Corporate Culture,Remote Work
Title: Introducing People Content: People no longer have the option to introduce themselves to new people at their convenience (like in an office setting, for example). With the remote setting, the second someone joins an online meeting, they’re exposed in front of dozens of new faces staring straight at them. It's easy to feel awkward. More so if they are ignored, or not properly introduced.So make sure to introduce everyone individually to the group. And if not everyone on the call knows each other, make the time for short ice-breaking sessions for everyone to introduce themselves.
Title: The Waiting Room Content: It is advisable to enable the waiting room option for new joiners so that they are made to enter one at a time and provided with a proper introduction. It also takes care of the risk of your meeting getting crashed by someone suddenly.
Title: The Art Of The Pause Content: Video chats with multiple participants have a lot of cross-talk and people talking at the same time. This problem is compounded by dodgy internet speeds.It is possible to listen to only one person at a time, so one has to learn the art of the pause. Stopping and staying silent will allow others to calm down.Zoom also has a raise hand feature, which helps facilitate the meeting in an orderly fashion.
Title: The Side Chat Content: Zoom has a side chat feature, where you can send a direct message to the host or any participant. Just make sure the text message is only sent to that person, and not to the whole group. And then check it again.
Title: Changing Your Background Content: Zoom backgrounds allow you to hide those distracting visuals from behind, like a dirty room, pizza boxes or other members of the household coming and going.
Title: Punctuality Content: To avoid being late (even if you’re always online), take a few minutes ahead of the call (or party), especially if you’re the host, to test your settings and re-check your internet.It’s also essential to be extra considerate of the time of other; though people are at home, they may be having other calls and commitments or may be functioning on another time zone.
Title: Life On Video Calls Content: Make sure you keep the conversation alive by returning the ‘tennis ball’ of the discussion back to the other person.Make your webcam on eye level or higher.Make sure you have head-on natural lighting to appear good on screen.Be respectful, positive, polite and inclusive.