Health,Mental Health,Personal Development,Problem Solving,Habits
Title: 2 kinds of people Content: Those who believe they can make things happen. Theyare convinced that the outcome of their lives and careers is more or less in their own handsThose who believe things happen to them. They sit around and wait for the bus to take them somewhere.
Title: When hard times strike Content: Those that feel they are in control over their lives also feel stress and anxiety, but they use this anxiety differently: their anxiety fuels passion instead of pity, drive in lieu of despair, and tenacity over trepidation.
Title: Expect and prepare for change Content: Set aside some time regularly to create a list of important changes that you think could possibly happen. The purpose of this task is to open your mind to change and sharpen your ability to spot and respond to changes.Even if the events on your lists never happen, the practice of anticipating and preparing for change will give you a greater sense of command over your future.
Title: Focus on your freedoms Content: ... not on your limitations. We sometimes have limited ability to stop negative events from occurring, we are always free to choose our response.On your list of possible changes, write down all of the positive ways in which you can take action and respond to each change.
Title: Re-write your script Content: Recall a tough time you went through recently. What was it you believed about your circumstances that prevented you from making the most of your situation or responding more effectively?Writea more effective and empowered mental script that you wish you had followed next to it. Compare the two.
Title: Stop negative self-talk Content: When negative thoughts appear, stop what you are doing and write them down.Once you’ve slowed down the negative momentum of your thoughts, you will be more rational and clear-headed.Identifying and labeling your thoughts as thoughts by separating them from the facts will help you escape the cycle of negativity and anxiety and move toward a positive new outlook.
Title: Count your blessings Content: People who take time daily to cultivate an attitude of gratitude experience improved mood, energy and substantially less anxiety due to lower cortisol levels.