Business,Entrepreneurship,Career,Marketing & Sales
Title: Using the right vocabulary Content: When switching from being an employee to a freelancer, you should pay particular attention to the way you express yourself, the words you choose. For instance, integrating words such as ‘clients’ will come in really handy, as you are now to have a direct connection with your clients, while enabling you to leave behind the traditional boss-worker mentality.
Title: Name your business right Content: A very important step when starting to work as a freelancer is to actually call your business as what is: a ‘freelance business’. These kind of words encourage your clients to perceive you as being trustworthy while giving you a better feeling of ownership.
Title: Avoid using ‘ I need..’ Content: Whenever we hear the ‘I need…’ words, we all tend to get a bit irritated by this way of being requested to provide something that always seems of the most utter importance. On the other hand, there are expressions which could easily replace the ‘ I need…’ while giving the other person the impression that everything is under control.
Title: Say ‘no’ when necessary Content: Saying ‘no’ is quite difficult for most of us, especially when working as freelancers. However, even though difficult, sometimes it is essential to say ‘no’: when you do not have time, when you do not want to do the task, etc. Therefore, using words such as ‘unfortunately,…’ or ‘no, but..’ could make your life easier.
Title: Declaration vs. commitment Content: When dealing with client, it is important to know the difference between what we call as ‘declaration’ and ‘commitment’, as they are not at all the same. While the commitment actually commits you to deliver a certain service, the declaration does not have this mandatory feature. So choose properly your way.
Title: Integrate ‘available’ and ‘not available’ in your vocabulary Content: As a freelancer, you have to be aware of the fact that priorities will help you pay your bills as much as keep your clients coming. For this to happen it is of utter importance to prioritize and respect the list at all times. Therefore, do not feel afraid of using words as ‘available’, ‘not available’ whenever needed.
Title: Clarity makes the difference Content: Being clear when expressing yourself can actually save your business. People like accuracy and they are very much dependent on it when it comes to all fields. Therefore, making sure that the correspondence with your client is clear by using recaps is a smart way to avoid later misunderstandings.
Title: Avoid using ‘I can’t’ Content: While ‘I can’t’ can make your clients suddenly become unsure of having made a good choice when going for your company, alternative ways of stating that, even though you are not able to do something, but you are nevertheless going to solve the issue one way or another, can make the difference for saving your clients.
Title: Taking about money Content: Talking about money is not easy, especially when you are handling your own business: asking for the payment can make you feel unease, at least at the beginning. However, using words like ‘payment structure’ or ‘compensation’ can actually make feel more comfortable when dealing with the topic.
Title: Avoid ‘Whatever you need’ Content: Ending your emails with ‘whatever you need’ is never a good way to make business, as it will only lead to more workload for the same money. On the contrary, you should make sure that clients know exactly what your services are at the agreed upon prices.