Personal Development,Health,Communication,Habits
Title: Community Is Vital Content: Loneliness is not a problem in traditional societies. For 99% of human existence, we lived in small tribes. We were constantly surrounded by family and friends.Research links loneliness to lower self-regulation, IQ drops and early death. Studies also indicate that face-to-face interactions decrease loneliness, while online interactions increase it.
Title: "Mens sana in corpore sano" Content: Having a healthy body is essential to having a sound mind.Exercising is a habit that’s been shown to lead people to create other, often unrelated, good habits. Exercising is also a proven way to improve the rate of learning.
Title: "Know Thyself" Content: Knowing yourself allows you to seize opportunities and make better decisions as well as know what you and others should expect from you and how to counteract your personal flaws.
Title: "What's the worst that could happen?" Content: Stoic philosophers emphasized imagining the worst that could happen before any major undertaking. It allows you to prepare yourself for it and even prevent it.Far too many ambitious undertakings fail for preventable reasons. Far too many people don't have a backup plan because they refuse to consider something that might not go exactly as they wish.
Title: Focus Content: Increase your focus by decreasing distraction and limiting options. The time to master something nowadays is the same it was for Renaissance apprentices (7 to 10 years), but it feels harder because of all the extra distractions we have.Focus is a function, first and foremost, of limiting the number of options you give yourself for procrastinating.
Title: A Family Legacy Content: Sharing the family story with children increases their self-esteem, sense of control over their lives and the feeling that their families are well-functioning. Knowing they belong to something bigger than themselves and the story of it motivates, gives purpose and guidance and facilitates rule learning.
Title: Effects stories have on us Content: They motivate us.They give life meaning.They relieve depression (and are more effective than medication.)They offer guidance for decision making.They increase learning in children.
Title: The Golden Rule Content: The Golden Rule says to do unto others as you would have done unto yourself.And research shows that being generous and reciprocal is linked with professional success in life.