Problem Solving,Personal Development,Money & Investments,Psychology,Leadership & Management
Title: Risk register Content: Before you start risk management, it is important to identify the risks the company is exposed to.Establish a catalogue of risks or a"risk register"
Title: Definition of a risk Content: A risk can be defined as an effect of uncertainty on the objective. It is a different outcome from what you expected and can address, create or result in opportunities and threats.Risk is not an expected adverse development. If you expect the outcome, it is not a risk.Risk is not a difficulty or a challenge if you are already aware that the situation exists now.
Title: Risk terminology Content: Threat – the source of the risk event that causes uncertainty.Risk exposures – the amount that theoretically is at risk if the threat becomes a reality.Risk – the collection of threats/causes and exposures that are treated and managed as a single whole.Risk levels – risk level indicates how serious the risk is.
Title: When identifying risk Content: Identifying as many risks as possible often leads to not being able to manage it all properly.First, identify the risks with the largest potentialloss or financial impact. Then collect smaller risks together that can be managed as a group. Smaller risks have minor financial consequences.Risk should not ‘overlap.’It could lead to the wrong results.Avoid too vague risks.Lack of imagination. Major disasters are the unimaginable ones that have never happened before. You can always dismiss it later if rigorous analyses show that the risk is unrealistic.
Title: Risk identification techniques Content: One method is to ask the people with knowledge about the functioning of the organization, what could go wrong. It can be done using brainstorming, questionnaires, self-reporting etc.The second class of methods are more analytical and engineering methods. These methods are used to find hidden critical failure points that were missed at first.