Personal Development,Mental Health,Love & Relationships,Health,Psychology
Title: Exploring solitude Content: We tend to see solitude as grim and imprisoning. But in fact, the exact opposite can be true. Solitude can be seen as freeing, as an opportunity for exploration and growth.It’s good for us to spend time exploring unknowns by ourselves.  It gives us an opportunity to discover who we really are and what life is all about.
Title: You develop strengths you need Content: It’s always better to learn to stand on your own two legs. And once you are self-sufficient, then relying on someone else from time to time is an act of strength, not weakness.Take small, consistent steps in the right direction, day in and day out.
Title: Comfortable being alone Content: Learning to be comfortable with being alone does not mean you can’t be in a relationship. It means that you will not be codependent and entitled.What we need is a healthy dose of self-sufficiency. The greatest gift you can give somebody is your own personal development.
Title: Aloneness does not mean loneliness Content: The trouble is not always in being alone – it’s being lonely in the presence of others.It’s always better to be alone than to be in bad company. And when you do decide to come back for someone, do so because you’re truly better off with this person. Don’t do it just for the sake of not being alone. 
Title: Support your own decisions Content: Everyone you care about does NOT need to support every decision you make.Even if things don’t turn out as you anticipated, at least you will learn what you needed to learn, and you won’t have to spend the rest of your life wondering what could have been.
Title: Experience more of YOUR life Content: Many of us will go to great lengths to distract ourselves with anything and everything: food, booze, shopping, television, tabloid news, online social networks, video games, phones etc.Acknowledging this is the first step to healing it. So begin right now by just breathing, alone, and noticing with curiosity, and without judgment, all of the little ways you can simply BE in your own skin, right here, right now, in this present moment we call life.