Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Time Management,Habits
Title: We all feel overwhelmed at times Content: We all have days where we feel overwhelmed. Yet, we still need to get things done.When handled right, work can have a grounding effect that can help you through these days.
Title: When feeling overwhelmed, focus on a familiar activity Content: Find a task on your to-do list that is satisfying but not challenging - for example, writing a newsletter you've been doing for years.When we perform highly familiar tasks, it's easy to get absorbed in them and go with the flow. A task that you can finish in one sitting will also give you a sense of accomplishment.
Title: Do an unfamiliar task you’ve been avoiding Content: On a low day, tasks that you struggle to do in your time off can be the ideal choice. You could also try working on a task that's aspirational and creative. It will help you feel like a competent person whose life is in order.When people feel low or short on self-confidence, they tend to retreat. When you act as though you have confidence in your ideas and capacities, it provides you with an antidote.
Title: When you feel down, do half your usual work Content: Trying to perform to a high standard when you're down can leave you so drained that you don't have the energy to process whatever is bothering you.Try to do only half or two-thirds of your usual work. It can prevent you from feeling overwhelmed and procrastinating. 
Title: Connecting with others Content: Withdrawing from people increases stress and reduces productivity. Try and tell at least one coworker what you're going through to help them understand why you may be a bit less reliable than usual.Our best sources of support during difficult times are often our loose connections. Even small gestures of support from those weak ties can feel very helpful.
Title: Drop your fear of negative emotions Content: Don't assume that difficult emotions will negatively impact your work. Sad emotions often enhance creativity and productivity. Anger tends to make us feel more determined.The key is to use those feelings to propel you rather than think that they will destroy your productivity.