Time Management,Communication,Productivity,Reading & Writing,Personal Development
Title: Email and productivity Content: Email is an extremely useful communication tool.  But when used inappropriately, email can hinder productivity.More than one-quarter of a worker's day on average is spent answering and reading emails - email is the second-most time-consuming activity for workers, next to "role-specific tasks."
Title: Set aside time  Content: ... to read and respond to email. Don’t leave your email programopen all day long. Alerts from incoming messages can interrupt your work flow.Instead, schedule specific blocks of time throughout the day for checking your email.You might even try marking your calendar and setting your availability to “busy.”If necessary, turn off your cellphone and shut your office door to prevent interruptions.
Title: Take action immediately Content: browse the inbox for emails that can be immediately deleted (spam or promotional emails). Then select messages that don’t require a response and delete or archive them.Don’t let important emails sit in your inbox for days. Unless you’re on vacation, respond within 48 hours. Reply to the sender as soon as you’ve read his or her message.If you’re unable to respond immediately, communicate to the sender that you received the message and will be in touch shortly. Set a deadline and follow up.
Title: Labels, folders and categories Content: Prioritize, group, sort and file messages to keep your inbox organized. Create parent categories for broad subjects such as the following: clients, projects and finances.Use subcategories to file emails related to specific clients or projects. Before you file a message, ensure the subject line is search-friendly. If it doesn’t accurately describe the content of the email, edit the subject line before it’s categorized and archived.
Title: Unsubscribe from unwanted promotional emails Content: Newsletters and advertisements can overwhelm your inbox and bury important messages. Clean out the clutter.Unsubscribe from receiving messages from specific senders if you no longer want to receive their missives or don't have the time to read them.