Health,Personal Development,Time Management,Science & Nature,Music
Title: Music and memory Content: Music helps with making memories from long ago feel relevant again. When you hear a song that had specific meaning to you in the past, the memory of that moment will come back with unbelievable details.Alzheimer’s patients can sing the songs that they learned as young adults. This is a promising step in treating patients suffering from dementia and those with brain injuries.
Title: Music improves your focus Content: This happens because music stimulates the entire brain and not just segments of it.Using this knowledge can help you in various ways.Meditation. Some people use music to help them clear their minds.Listening to music while studying or workingcan help you remember more of the information.During exercise. It takes the mind’s
focus off of fatigue.Focus on sleep. Music calms the mind and causes you to focus on your rest.
Title: Music increases your creativity Content: Ambient music at 70 decibels will increase specific creative tasks by activating the parts of the brain that think in abstract ways.
Title: Music can increase your IQ Content: Studies found that 90% of children exposed to music experienced physical changes in their brains and that allowed for increased transfer of cognitive information.In a study conducted by York University, children exposed to music tested higher on verbal IQ tests involving word recall, information analyzation, and language-based reasoning.
Title: Music changes your perception Content: Fast melodies
make time seem toaccelerate. Slow songs make time seem to slow down.Grocery store checkout lines and waiting rooms both use music because it alters a person’s judgment of time.
Title: Music can help you to control pain Content: Musicis powerful
enough to control all levels of pain when an
injury occurs. Music helpsbridge the gap between events when the brain experiences it.Creating music can have a positive effect onphysical comfort, energy, fatigue, and anxiety.
Title: Music and personalities Content: Several studies confirmed thatparticular character traits correspond to musical preferences. For example:Opera fans are generally found to be gentle, creative, with a high level of
self-esteem.Country music
fans are found to be outgoing and very hardworking.Reggae fans are found to be far more laid back and much more at ease.
Title: Music improves productivity  Content: Listening to your favorite music will help stimulate adrenaline
secretion, and other hormones, which will boost your mental focus and physical energy levels. This is also true during exercise sessions and other household chores.
Title: Music improves visual attention Content: Certain types
of music increase a person’s visual attention levels.Stroke patients who participated in a small study.showed improved eye movement and task completion during the times when they listened to pleasant music.
Title: Music and hormonal balance Content: Hormones like cortisol get released by the body when we listen
to music that we don’t enjoy. When the cortisol levels increase, higher levels of anxiety begin to appear.When we listen
to music which we are fond of, then dopamine, serotonin, and endorphins are released. This makes us feel glad, confident, and relaxed.
Title: Music improves your reasoning Content: The rhythms of a song,
together with physical actions, can help the
brain to transfer memories of that moment to your long-term storage centers. Dancing to music has the same effect.
Title: Music makes it easier to engage Content: Music provides the foundation for social activities that help to connect people. This is especially true if they share similar tastes in music.
Title: Music and heart disease Content: A common side
effect associated with heart disease includes stress and anxiety.Studies have
shown that by listening to music, stress and tension levels dropped in patients treated for coronary heart disease.
Title: Music can increase your emotional IQ Content: Listening regularly to music that brings you joy can help you to identify facial expressions and body language associated with happy emotions.Music therapy shows the largest improvements in emotional IQ with children on the autism spectrum.