Personal Development,Health,Habits,Time Management
Title: How Your Brain Remembers Content: What we remember about the pleasurable quality of our past experiences is almost entirely determined by 2 things: the emotional peak and the end.So try to structure your days so that the ending is awesome using evening rituals.
Title: Have a “Shutdown Ritual” Content: Although the workday is over, your mind is still going strong. You gotta get your brain out of “work mode” to relax.A simple ritual can help:Straighten up your desk. Back up your computer. Make a list of what you need to do tomorrow.
Title: Turn Weeknights Into Weekends Content: Weekends are great because we get to spend our time the way we enjoy most.Spend 2 hours with friends or family and you just turned a dull Tuesday night into a happy Saturday.
Title: Engage in a Hobby Content: Actively engage in a hobby, don’t passively sit on the couch.Most of us seek unscheduled free time for our leisure but given your brain’s lazy nature, research says you’re likely to waste that time doing what’s easy vs what’s really fun.
Title: Wind Down, Don’t Collapse Content: Dim the lights and turn off all screens at least an hour before bed.10 minutes of a smartphone in front of your nose is about the equivalent of an hour long walk in bright daylight. Imagine going for an hour long walk in bright daylight and then thinking, “Now I’ll get some sleep.” It's probably not going to happen.
Title: Make Peace With Your Partner Content: Don't go to bed angry with your partner.The end of the day means the end of hostilities, the recognition that the underlying shared values and commitment to the relationship trump the need for one last dig or self-righteous justification.
Title: Write Down The Good Stuff Content: ... that happened during the daySet aside 10 minutes before you go to sleep. Write down 3 things that went well today and why they went well. The odds are that you will be less depressed, happier, and addicted to this exercise six months from now.
Title: Something To Look Forward To Content: People who devote time to anticipating fun experiences are happier.Schedule a meal with a friend or designate a time the next day to indulge yourself with something simple that you love to do. Then be excited about it.