Teamwork,Remote Work,Time Management,Health,Personal Development
Title: Extroverts Working Remotely Content: Extroverts thrive in an energetic and frenetic work environment filled with people. Peace, quietness and solitude, while being an introvert’s dream, can drive an extrovert into distraction.There are many ways for extroverts to enjoy and thrive on the new reality of remote working.
Title: Daily Morning Huddle with Coffee Chats Content: An informal daily huddle where everyone is face-to-face in a virtual meeting, holding a fresh cup of coffee is a great way to start the day with purpose and energy. It requires everyone to wake up early, get dressed and make a cup of coffee. A morning routine is great for productivity too.
Title: Dance Parties And Music Playlists Content: Infusing music and dance in your breaks can add a sense of pleasure in the otherwise dull and drab routine, enhancing the immediate virtual surrounding of the extroverts.
Title: Coworking Virtually Content: Assigning buddies/partners in completion of a specific task makes work less mundane while being socially active at the same time. One way to do it is to work using video cameras but keeping the microphone on mute.
Title: Meetups Content: Earlier, meetups used to be a great way for remote workers to catch up and have a dinner party while discussing the problems and issues at work.Nowadays, these sessions have to be virtual, but can accommodate priority setting and topic-specific breakout sessions.
Title: Regular Stretch Breaks Content: Integrate regular movement into your sitting-whole-day routine, and give your workdesk a break.Indulge in the many at-home exercise routines and dancing sessions available online, and share them with a coworker, so you do it together.
Title: Learning Together Content: Learning together, be it an online class, cooking session or even a meeting to share skills and expertise to the entire company is a great way to connect with your coworkers.
Title: Spend Time With Your Loved Ones Content: Being stranded at home with limited options to go out can have a positive side-effect. The energy we used to connect with our coworkers can now be used to reconnect with old buddies, ex-coworkers, and even our relatives which we had forgotten in our daily work routine.
Title: Express your Feelings Content: Being honest about your feelings is advisable, as remote working isn’t for everyone. Some thrive on it, others will struggle. It’s a good idea to seek help and support. Communication is always good.