Books
Title: All warfare is based on deception Content: Everyone asks for your atention.Put processes and systems on place to defend your attention.
Title: Don’t be expected Content: Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.Put yourself in an enviroment where your main goal is to stay focused. Focus will make you stronger => you will be prepared when you’ll be attacked.Example: Social Media distraction attackIs a greater chance you’ll be distracted into surfing social medias when you are in a unfocused day, i.e in a weak point.So focus will make you stronger.
Title: Emotion: Anger Content: If you’ll be irritated will make you feel anger and then you will be in a weak point.Don’t let anyone irritate you.
Title: Be humble, not arrogant Content: The one who’s arrogant is in a weak point.Being humble will make your opponent being more arrogant => now he is in a weak point and ready to be defeated.
Title: What’s the objective? Content: Let your great objective be victory, not lengthy campaigns.Eg in business: Some companies objective looks to be a lengthy campaign, instead of a victory, because they add too much complexity.You must be quick and efficient to produce the outcome.
Title: 5 essentials for victory Content: Know when to fight and when not to fight.Know how to handle both superior and inferior forces. (Eg. Premier League is won by the team who beats all small teams and not by the one who beats all big teams)Organisation must have the same spirit throughout all its ranks. The spirit comes from above to down.Always be prepared and wait for enemy to be unprepared.Have military capacity(specific knowledge).
Title: Why to create a System Content: The control of a large force is the same as the control of a few men.The control will be mantained through hierarchy. A decision will flow from above to down.
Title: 2 methods of attack Content: Direct - say directlyUndirect - let the thoughts you are provoking come to them as its their own, be supportive