Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Communication
Title: Living With Uncertainty Content: Humans want to be certain about the future, as our mind perceives uncertainty and ambiguity as a problem. Our resistance to uncertainty is a cause of anxiety and worry.We have to learn to live with ambiguity and insecurity in life, and need to accept the reality of things being out of control.
Title: Do Not Resist Uncertainty Content: Resisting uncertainty makes it persist. Self-acceptance is a paradoxical secret to happiness.Acceptance means meeting life where it stands, surrendering ourselves to a problem, and not being frustrated or disappointed about it. To resign is different from accepting, as acceptance can make us move forward and reach our goals.
Title: Investing In Yourself Content: Self care is not a selfish thing to do. You being at your very best is good for you and for your family, friends, and loved ones, who always want you at your best.If we do not invest in our bodies, our minds, and our spirit, we are doing injustice to ourselves, and also sabotaging our family, who may be dependent on us. It’s not hard to maintain yourself so that you get enough sleep and exercise.
Title: Healthy Comforts Content: Most people comfort themselves by having an extra slice of cheese pizza, an extra glass of wine, or buying something extra from Amazon.There are healthy ways to comfort yourself too, like talking to a long lost friend, or writing a gratitude note everyday to yourself, even by taking an afternoon nap.
Title: Don’t Believe Your Beliefs Content: We tend to believe what we think and fall into the trap of confirmation bias, along with being affected by sensational information that may be fake.Instead of falling in the downward spiral of negative thoughts, we can try to imagine the best-case scenario, and replace our regret with gratitude.
Title: Calmness And Non-Reactivity Content: We need to cultivate a mindset of calmness and non-reactivity. Paying attention to ourselves and being in the present moment, checking our emotions and thought patterns, is a great way to stay in a grounded position even with uncertainty and chaos all around.We need to save our awareness and attention, and the first step is to not let the phone notifications disrupt our present moment. 
Title: Depend On No One Content: When we feel angry and helpless, we hope that someone will rescue us. A better way is to become a hero yourself, taking responsibility for your own life. Depending on others is a crutch that we use, and becoming free of any support provides us with a real power that can help us create the life we desire.
Title: Finding Meaning In Chaos Content: Human beings can find meaning in a life full of suffering and misery, if they move out of their own selves and start to help others.One can use the skills they have to be at service to others in need.