Meditation,Mindfulness,Health
Title: What Meditation Is Content: Meditation is being attentive to the fluctuations of your mind.Most of the time, wecompletely identify with our own thoughts, meaning there is no separation between the thoughts and the thinker. Meditation begins to break down this relationship.
Title: Designate a Time Content: Make sure you pick a time when you can consistently devote yourself to this practice. It doesn't have to be lengthy. Ten or fifteen minutes is a good place to start.
Title: Create the Space Content: It should be away from household distractions. A corner of your bedroom or living room is perfect.You'll also need a timer that will sound at the end of your meditation session so that you're not constantly checking the clock to see how much time is left.
Title: Warming Up Content: You may want to do a little warm-up yoga sequence before sitting, especially if you are going to meditate first thing in the morning.If you find you don't need to warm up, that's fine too.
Title: How to Sit Content: If you can sit on the floor, have blankets or a cushion to sit on.Try a cross-legged position like sukasana. If cross-legged isn't comfortable, try virasana. If you can't sit on the floor, that's fine too. Find a chair where you can sit up straight withboth your feet restingflat on the floor.
Title: Hand Positions Content: You can try any position you have seen, but you can also just place your hands in your lap or place the hands on your knees with the palms up or down. Find a position that is comfortable for you.
Title: What to Do Content: Assume your seat and close your eyes. Begin to observe your breath without changing it.You can count the breaths if that helps you stay focused onthem.When your mind starts to wander, as it inevitably will, notice your thoughts and then release them.
Title: How Long Content: When you first start, set your timer for five minutes.When you are ready, begin to add one minute to your sitting time. Slowlywork up to ten and then twenty minutes.
Title: How to Finish Content: When your timer sounds, open your eyes.Take just a few moments to notice how you feel after your practice.