Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity,Problem Solving
Title: Busy with meaningless stuff Content: We can all feel very busy, but despite all this bustle, we often don’t feel particularly productive from day to day and often let the "big stuff" go unattended.If we want to take back control of our priorities, we should relentlessly question how we're spending our time.
Title: What you're currently doing Content: The act of becoming aware of where your attention is focused helps you to direct your attention where you want it to be - on creating something significant.
Title: Setting time aside Content: To learn to control your attention, set aside at least one time period per day to focus without interruption. Let it be no more than 90 minutes at a time. Do something important but not urgent. Ask yourself: Are you scheduling time daily to focus without interruption?
Title: The one big thing Content: Incoming demands and digital distractions can get in the way of real productivity. If you do one big thing today, you will feel like it is a productive day.Ask yourself: What’s the one big thing you want to accomplish today?
Title: Your motivation Content: It can be challenging to be productive in the long-term when you do things you don't feel motivated to do.Unless you have to push through with a specific task, it is much easier to work around things that keep you motivated.Ask yourself: Why do you do this every single day?
Title: Moving forward Content: Before you allocate time to any task, question the intended outcome. Ensure that everything you say and do move the ball forward toward your goal.Ask yourself: s what I’m about to do (or say) moving the ball forward?
Title: Hard focus Content: This intense focus is at the center of completing outstanding work in a compact amount of time. However, focus requires training to develop.To start, schedule a 20-minute block of undistracted work, and then add 10 minutes every two weeks.Ask yourself: What is your training system for increasing your ability to focus hard on something without distraction?