Leadership & Management,Career,Personal Development
Title: The Art Of Hiring Content: Hiring, according to top corporate leaders, should not just be the standard job interview, which has become predictable and routine, but something creative and challenging.One has to find new ways to find out how a person thinks, taking them out of their ‘seat of comfort’. Allowing candidates to speak their mind, or providing them challenging situations to work on can be a better indicator of their employability.
Title: Interview, Unplugged Content: One has to check if the candidate is genuinely interested in the job or is just checking all boxes of dressing right and talking right to land up with an offer letter. How they treat and interact with others (like the guy handing them the coffee) also helps gauge their personality. One can take the candidate on a tour inside the company building, noticing how they ask questions, or how curious they are.
Title: The Interview Meal Content: Sharing a meal provides the recruiter with a big opportunity to observe the candidate, like how they make eye contact, how polite they are, or the way they ask questions.One can see what frustrates or flusters them and if they are patient or agitated. The whole personality of the candidate can be gauged by one meal with them.
Title: Unusual Questions In Interviews Content: Skills, which can be taught, are not as important nowadays as the candidate’s self-awareness and mental agility where he/she is prepared for out-of-the-box questions and surprises. Asking unusual questions that illuminate the creative side of the candidate while providing valuable insights into their personality are much better than the usual fare, which the candidate is already expecting.
Title: Examples of Unusual Questions For Interviews Content: What is Your Natural Strength? This takes a broader look at the candidate’s abilities.What Kind Of Animal Would You Be? And Why? This may be a fun question but the ‘why’ part provides the interviewer with new insights about the candidate.What Is The Biggest Misperception People Have About You? This question reveals how self-aware the candidate is, and how honest he can be.