Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Problem Solving
Title: Statistics about multi-tasking Content: Trying to focus on more than one thing at a time reduces your productivity by as much as 40%. That’s the cognitive equivalent of pulling an all-nighter.The average desk job employee loses 2.1 hours a day to distractions and interruptions. That adds up to over a full day of work every week.On average, employees who do the majority of their work on computers are distracted every 10.5 minutes.Being distracted by incoming calls or emails can lower employees’ IQ by as much 10 points.44% of those work distractions are self-inflicted and another 23% come from emails.
Title: When you single-task... Content: you tend to work on the right things. Effective single-tasking requires planning. Starting your day without a plan is just asking for distraction and inefficiency.you accomplish more in less time with less stress: Intentionally focusing on one task at a time has been proven the most efficient way to move through your to-do list.
Title: 4 essential components of effective single-tasking Content: Cutting out distractions.Make a single-tasking plan you’ll actually stick to.Dealing with unavoidable distractions.Getting back on track when you’ve fallen off the single-tasking band wagon.
Title: Cutting out distractions Content: Use apps that block online distractions.Turn off notifications and see the difference in your productivity.Use two computers: one for the things that are distracting and one for the focused work.Only keep one tab open at time.Use separate desktop spaces. Work offline whenever possible.Schedule your email time.
Title: Making a single-tasking plan Content: Keep a to-do list with focused, actionable items.Visualize your to-do’s one at a time, by writing them on sticky notes.Schedule your daily to-do’s.Create unrealistically short deadlines: it forces you to stay focused.Keep a timer on your tasks.Theme your days.
Title: Dealing with interruptions Content: Procrastinate on purpose: you can limit distractions' impact on your productivity by simply adding them to your to-do list to come back to later.Keep a “read later” list for the helpful articles you come across.Keep a “bright ideas” repository: keep a running list of thoughts you want to come back to later (using an app or paper).Set aside exploratory time. Unfocused, agenda-free thinking time is essential for creativity and professional development.
Title: Getting back on track Content: Take regular breaks throughout the day. Our brains simply did not evolve to focus on one thing for extended periods of time - the longer we work without the breaks, the more prone to distraction we become.Forgive yourself when your day doesn’t go as planned. Ruminating on the past one of the least productive things you can do.