Parenting,Psychology,Mental Health,Human Resources,Love & Relationships
Title: Handling key issues Content: The series "Normal People" come into their own where they handle key themes, such as mental health issues, friendships, and family sensitively without preaching, political statement, or shock.Normal People allow us to state, "I've got a friend who..." which can open the dialogue into relationships. We can now discuss our views on the behavior of Connell or Marianne. Through it, we can be more open about our desires and expectations in our own lives.
Title: Noticing our own negative behavior Content: If we have not worked through a specific experience and understood our role in what happened (even if we were blameless), any anger or negative emotional memory can be directed onto the person we see as behaving in the way that hurt us.This can be potentially damaging to ourselves and the other person. However, if in a discussion on Normal People, we can become aware that we may be very caught up in what we are saying. We might be able to step back and see if there is something we need to work through in our own lives.
Title: Failing to deal with our emotions Content: Behavior choices seldom happen in isolation. Blocking others out can have repercussions on the rest of the family. Others are often affected, as depicted in the scene with Connell and his therapist in Normal People.If we fail to deal with emotions in a healthy way, we may engage in unhealthy ways to help suppress them, such as alcohol, drugs, or over-eating. In turn, it will have physical consequences on the brain and body.
Title: Normalising mental health problems Content: Mental health issues can never be captured in a singular character, but the ability to talk about the character without being seen as a psycho can start to normalise mental health problems.Connell seeing a therapist may help with any stigma that men feel about seeking help. Normal People goes some way in making anyone suffering feel more normal.