Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Psychology
Title: Moving forward Content: At this time in history, many people are wondering whether we will have a life again. Will we recover with dignity?Science suggests that we will do more than recover: we will show immense capacity for resiliency and growth.
Title: From Resilience to Growth Content: Resilience is the ability to maintain a relatively stable and healthy level of psychological and physical functioning during and after a very traumatic event.Studies reveal that resilience is actually common and can be attained through multiple unexpected routes. Studies further show that the majority of trauma survivors do not develop PTSD, and most report unexpected growth from their experience.
Title: Seven Areas of Growth Content: Greater appreciation of lifeGreater appreciation and strengthening of close relationshipsIncreased compassion and altruismThe identification of new possibilities or a purpose in lifeGreater awareness and utilization of personal strengthsEnhanced spiritual developmentCreative growth
Title: We prefer to avoid trauma Content: To be sure, most people who experience posttraumatic growth would prefer to side-step the trauma.Trauma shakes up our world and forces us to take a second look at our goals and dreams.  When we realize that we cannot change a situation, we position ourselves for growth and new opportunities.
Title: Turnadversity into an advantage Content: When the foundational structure of the self is shaken, we are in the best position to pursue new opportunities is our lives.It helps us to be curious about situations and increase the likelihood that we will find new meaning.If we shed our natural defense mechanisms and approach the discomfort head-on, we are able to view everything as fodder for growth. Rumination is a sign you work hard at making sense of the event, and in conjunction with social support and other outlets for expression, it will create new structures of meaning.
Title: Common Responses to Trauma Content: Emotions such as sadness, grief, anger, and anxiety are common responses to trauma.Trying to "self-regulate" those emotions, or avoiding feared thoughts, feeling, and sensations, will make things worse and reinforce the belief that the world is not safe or void of opportunities and meaning. But acceptance and embracing psychological flexibility may enable you to face the world with exploration and openness.
Title: Creating from Trauma Content: Deliberate rumination leads to an increase in five domains of posttraumatic growth. Two of those domains - positive changes in relationships and increases in perceptions of new possibilities in one’s life—were associated with increased perceptions of creative growth.Research supports the potential benefit of engaging in art therapy or expressive writing to help in the rebuilding process after trauma.