Communication,Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Leadership & Management
Title: Disagreement Is The New Reality Content: The ability to have productive disagreements is a superpower.But disagreement or an argument usually has toxicity associated with it, with judgment, self-protection and a sense of conflict.
Title: Aligning the Argument Content: In a disagreement, often certain crucial information isn't available or isn't clearly understood by either person.We need to ask ourselves if:The argument is about something that can be verified.If it matters to you (meaningful).If it is useful.Then we need to make sure that the other person aligns and comes on the same page.
Title: Anxiety Spikes Content: Anxiety spikes happen when something triggers us during an argument, usually when what that we care about feels threatened.We need to be aware of these spikes to guide us into the emotional aspect of the argument, rather than only focusing on information.
Title: Speak From Your Own Experience Content: A common mistake during arguments is when we speak on behalf of other people and groups.Arguments then become a free-for-all, as anyone can jump in and argue back. Also, we tend to exaggerate, oversimplify and stereotype when we speak outside of our own experience, making our position in the disagreement vulnerable.
Title: Don't Neglect The Emotional Part Content: Neglecting the emotional part of the argument and focusing solely on facts and information is a common blunder.A better way is to ask open-ended questions and try to find the root cause of the argument.For example, one could ask: “This clearly matters to you, can you help me understand why?”
Title: A Wider Field Of View Content: Keeping an open mind gives you a wider field of view.Turn off the clinical brain that just wants knowable answers quickly, and see the world through the other's perspective, noticing things you may have blocked or overlooked.
Title: Discard Your Biases Content: Biases are your ready-made encyclopedia of all the answers you need to prove yourself right, which can be a disaster in any argument.Hold off your biases and try to find growth and new perspectives that come out of a productive disagreement. Take the conversation as a learning opportunity.
Title: The Way and the Place Content: Disagreements cannot be resolved over Slack or Email. Try to do them in person, or at least over the phone.Make sure your environment is neutral, and if anything can hamper the discussion, change the venue.
Title: Aporia Content: Aporia is an ancient Greek concept of realizing that our interpretations and beliefs don't lead us to the truth.Winning an argument isn't the goal, and true wisdom is to have big, deep conversations that help us grow and connect.