Health,Personal Development,Mental Health,Psychology,Science & Nature
Title: Repressed vs Recovered Memories Content: Memories are the switch buttons of information related to our learning and experiences that can be preserved and restored in the brain of humans.People having sharp memories have the storing ability to memorize their experiences but the topic of recovering the repressed memories is still contentious in psychology.
Title: The Dissolved Repressed Memory Content: Forgetting about normal aspects is considered as a common event/ability.  However, the extreme trauma is sometimes forgotten depending upon the extremity and seriousness of sufferings or due to the fear of futuristic results of a current situation, leading to the dissociative disorders. The various dissociative disorders like a dissociative fugue, depersonalization disorder and dissociative identity disorder have a massive impact on the brain which disconnects the person with the thoughts, emotions, identity of oneself and the nearby surroundings. The connection between these disorders with extreme trauma is still a part of the research for psychologists.
Title: The  Process of Memory Content: The brain is the holder of various information stored in it in different ways in its different parts. Some memories are stored forever and can be recalled anytime, whereas some are partially retrieved. But the memories which are traumatic become repressed despite having huge information or a massive experience.
Title: The Three Stages Of Repressed Memory Content: If the traumatic condition is extreme, then the memory may not be long term rather they can only be stored as sensations, emotions and reactions.In the trauma which is moderate and bearable, the memories can be stored for the long term and are not much affected.The process of “State-dependent” memory enhances and retrieves the forgotten memory at the current time due to the sensory triggers for a particular situation. Whereas sometimes the memory of the traumatic situations can return through sensations or flashbacks where the person feels to recall the past naturally comparing it to the present.
Title: The Controversy Of A Recovered Memory Content: Some researchers believe that recovered memories may or may not be true.  In their observations, they found that the trauma survivors who have gone through the extreme emotions have truly recovered memories. While others reported having recovered false memories which are implanted by the therapists in sensitive patients by incorrectly infusing the seriousness of trauma in their mind. A therapist has to be careful before suggesting any symptom for a root cause until the cause is reported or identified by the patient.