Productivity,Time Management,Personal Development
Title: Obstacles to Getting Stuff Done  Content: The habit of putting off starting, because it’s uncomfortable.Maybe you get started, but then constantly switch to other tasks.You put off starting (or finishing) because conditions aren’t perfect, or the work isn’t perfect.Rely too much on other people and not taking responsibility.You get pulled away by constant distractions and interruptions.Fear, uncertainty, feeling overwhelmed & self-doubt and tiredness.
Title: Picking one important thing  Content: If you focus on getting the small stuff done but not the big stuff, or switch between tasks all the time, you’ll be less effective.Pickone important thing to focus on at a time and learn to evaluate what tasks and projects are of higher value to you.
Title: Starting Content: It'sbest done by focusing on the smallest first step and practicing just launching into that.Pick the tiniest first step, and launch into it.
Title: Focus sessions Content: Pick a short interval (10 minutes, 15, 20, or 25) and practice focusing on one task during that session, until the timer goes off.Then take a break, and try another focus session.
Title: Managing a tasks list Content: It's a great skillfor keeping yourself focused and Getting Stuff Done.Choose a to-do program, put your tasks in the to-do list and every day just pick a few to focus on.And at the beginning and the end of each daystep back and taking a look at the overall picture, to adjust your plan and refocus.
Title: Shitty first draft Content: Don't worry about perfectionism, just get the task done. Thengo back and revise.But don’t overthink it, just focus on doing.
Title: Taking full responsibility Content: It means not blaming othersfor your difficulties in getting things done.Recognizing the obstacles but taking responsibility for finding a way, or accepting what needs to be accepted, or recognizing your part in the dynamic you’ve created.
Title: Communicating Content: Communicate clearly andhonestly, so that everyone is clear on responsibilities and boundaries and consequences of not honoring those responsibilities and boundaries. 
Title: Creating structure Content: Having a minimal structure is good. You can adjust over time:How will you start your day so that you’ll work on the important stuff? How will you do your focus sessions so you won’t be too distracted? How will you review your day so that you’ll learn from what happened? How will you create accountability?