Health,Exercise & Fitnesss,Food
Title: Calories In Calories Out Principle Is Out Content: This myth is usually followed with “X makes you fat, not calories”. That X is usually a macronutrient such as carbs or fat. Sometimes it’s a chemical found in the foods.CICO principle is still alive and people who respect this principle lose weight and keep it off successfully. It’s mostly the people who look for a shortcut that fail to lose weight and to keep it off.
Title: Eating Small Meals And High Metabolism  Content: The rationale behind this myth is the fact that when you eat, your energy expenditure goes up during digestion.The problem with this myth is that the amount of extra calories you burn during digestion is directly correlated with the calories you consume. That means eating ten 200 Calorie meals increase the metabolism at the same rate as eating two 1,000 Calorie meals.
Title: Diet Sodas And Weight Gain Content: Although there aremany potential health effects of diet sodas and artificial sweeteners, weight gain is not one of them. Your body can’t store fat out of nothing.For some people, consuming certain beverages may trigger a craving for another food. If you know when you drink diet soda, you are going to crave some other food, avoid it. 
Title: Breakfast As the Most Important Meal  Content: Breakfast means breaking your fast. It doesn’t mean early morning meal. Some people are just not hungry when they wake up. Forcing them to eat breakfast leads to unnecessary calorie consumption.



Be aware of your own behavior and decide whether eating breakfast is a good idea or not.
Title: Protein Will And Disease Content: Studies show protein consumption doesn’t cause kidney disease.



What you should know is that too much protein is not good for someone who has a kidney disease, but it doesn’t cause kidney disease if your kidneys are healthy.
Title: Eggs And Cholesterol Content: There is no convincing evidence regarding the effect of dietary cholesterol on cardiovascular disease. There are several studies showing egg consumption increases the good cholesterol, HDL. In fact, Mayo Clinic Suggests that healthy people can safely eat up to 7 eggs per day.
Title: Hypertrophy Rep Range Content: The main drivers of hypertrophy are volume and intensity. As long as you increase your hard sets on each muscle group, your muscles will grow. It doesn’t matter how many reps you perform.Strength, on the other hand, relies on heavyweights. So if your goal is the strength, heavy weights with low reps will work best.
Title: Protein Within 30 Minutes Of Training Content: After you break down your muscle with your workout, you need to start the muscle protein synthesis by eating protein rich in leucine. However, this window of opportunity is much longer than 30 minutes. You have about 48 hours to stimulate muscle protein synthesis and the closer you get to your workout the better.
Title: Losing Fat And Building Muscle Content: The more fat you have to lose, the easier it is to lose it. On the other hand, the less muscle mass you have, the easier it is to build muscle.So if you are a beginner in both aspects, meaning you have a lot of fat to lose and a lot of muscle to gain, losing fat and building muscle at the same time is possible and easier for you.
Title: Lifting Weights And Bulking Up Content: This myth is for the ladies. There is no such thing as toning up muscles. Muscles don’t tone up. You either build muscle or you don’t.The female bodybuilders use hormones and workout for hours every day for years to look like that.
Title: Muscles Turning Into Fat Content: Muscle cells and fat cells are completely different and one doesn’t turn into other. It’s like saying “your liver will turn into lungs”.The reason you see big bodybuilders get fat off-season is their eating habits. If you stop working out and eat the same amount of food, you will get fat and you will lose your muscle size and definition.
Title: Soreness And Working Hard Content: Soreness you feel the day after your workout is not an indicator of how hard you worked out and has nothing to do with lactic acid.Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS) usually occurs when you start a new program after a long break or change up your program. If you are making progress with your weights, you don’t need to get sore.