Health,Mindfulness,Meditation,Personal Development
Title: Mindfulness In Sleep Content: Sleep heals our mind and body, but in today’s fast-paced and distracted world, many people are sleep deprived, wreaking havoc on their attention spans, mood and brain functioning. Less sleep also results in weight gain, distress and risk of insomnia.Mindfulness, or meditation/movement techniques that cultivate awareness and aid rest can tame our never-ending thought patterns, calming our minds for a better sleep.
Title: Mindfulness: Do’s And Don’ts Content: Daily meditation: Having a daily meditation practice, be it mindfulness, a mental body scan or even chanting is crucial.Away from the bed: If you are unable to sleep, try to change your place, as the bed has to be associated with sleep.Sleep apps don’t work: Sleep apps are not to be relied on for sleeping, and one should cultivate our own body to be able to sleep without any aid like sleep apps or even sleeping pills.Don’t try too hard: Sleeping is an effortless effort, and your mind and body has to be conducive for it to happen. Forced sleep is the primary mistake many insomniacs make. Sleep happens on it’s own if you allow it.
Title: Three Ways To Wind Down Content: Eliminate distractions, like your smartphones or tablets, that hinder sleep by their radiation, constant notifications and the blue light they emit.Don’t pressure yourself to sleep and instead focus on calming your mind and practicing mindfulness and relaxed breathing.Mental body scan is an effective mindfulness meditation that promotes sleep, where one notices one’s breathing and various bodily sensations, while mentally scanning one’s body parts.
Title: Calm Your Worried Mind Content: Positive distractions: Let your imagination get into engaging scenery and situations that help you move into a dreamy state.Allow the anxiety: If a certain stressful event or situation is keeping you awake, try to relax and allow it to come to your mind instead of blocking it. Practice mindfulness: Daily meditation or body scan(mental scanning of your body while resting and breathing) is essential.Being grateful: Practicing gratitude helps us focus on the good and makes the brain calm and relaxed.
Title: Starting Your Morning The Right Way Content: Gentle, Loving Sounds: Your day should not start with a jarring alarm, but with gentle and soothing chimes and bells.Body Needs Water: Drink lots of water before you fill yourself up with coffee. Go In Nature: Don’t lie in bed with your smartphone, but go in nature and make your morning richer.