Personal Development,Productivity,Problem Solving,Psychology
Title: Defining excuses Content: Excuses are rationalizations we make to ourselves about people, events, and circumstances.They are invented reasons we create to defend our behavior, to postpone taking action or simply as a means of neglecting responsibility.
Title: The Fear Trap Content: We make excuses for the following key reasons:Fear of FailureFear of EmbarrassmentFear of SuccessFear of ChangeFear of UncertaintyFear of ResponsibilityFear of Making MistakesPerceived lack of confidence or resourcesTo successfully eliminate excuses we must first consider removing all traces of fear. Fear paralyzes us and prevents forward movement in all areas of our lives.
Title: 'There’s just not enough time' Content: This excuse means a lack of desire, focus, discipline, and direction.It suggests the wrong priorities or time management problems.It could also indicate laziness or procrastination.
Title: 'Not enough money' Content: This excuse means that you don’t consider money to be a priority or that you lack the desire, determination, persistence or patience needed to achieve financial security.You might be lacking strategy or ideas to help you reach your financial objectives.Commit to reading books about improving your finances or get a mentor.
Title: 'I don’t have an education' Content: This excuse means that you lack creativity, inspiration, and desire.You could also lack a willingness to work harder to achieve your goals.
Title: 'I’m just too old/too young...' Content: This excuse means you lack understanding, confidence or perspective.It might be more difficult but persist and challenge yourself to think outside the box. Learn from your failures and adapt accordingly.
Title: 'I don’t know how' Content: This excuse means that you lack confidence in your ability to achieve your goal.It also means you haven’t taken the time to gain the experience or education to understand what is required.To combat this, read books, gain experience or ask for help.
Title: 'I just can’t change' Content: This excuse shows that you might lack motivation and a reason to change.We are always pulled forward by the desire for pleasure or pushed forward by the desire to avoid pain.Write down the potential benefits as well as the negative consequences for not making the change.
Title: 'I’m afraid to fail' Content: This excuse means you lack understanding, confidence, knowledge, and experience.Commit yourself to gain the knowledge and understanding about the thing you fear, to build the confidence you need to move forward.
Title: 'It’s not the right time' Content: It could be a lame excuse that means you lack perspective, information, and the necessary resources.Make it a primary objective to acquire thenecessary resources you need to help transform your perspective and achieve your goals.
Title: 'I have to plan thoroughly first' Content: This excuse shows you’re either lacking perspective, or you’re paralyzed by fear.Identify the underlying fearsthat are preventing you from moving forward.
Title: 'It just won’t work' Content: This excuse shows you lack self-belief, motivation, creativity, patience, perspective, or the determination you need to succeed.All these qualities are essential for everything of value that you would like to build in your life.
Title: 'I’m just not inspired' Content: This excuse means you’ve got poor habits that lead to a lack of self-discipline.Consider what kind of habits,routines and daily rituals you partake in throughout the day.For instance, a lack of sleep could be the reason why you’re feeling so tired and lack inspiration.