Problem Solving,Personal Development,Communication,Psychology
Title: The illusory truth effect Content: It's our tendency to believe false information to be correct after repeated exposure to it.The illusory truth effect is the reason why advertising and propaganda works.
Title: Why repetition reinforces a belief Content: The typical explanation is that our brains take shortcuts to save energy:Statements presented in as easy-to-read color are judged as more likely to be true.Aphorisms that rhyme (like “what sobriety conceals, alcohol reveals") seem more accurate than non-rhyming versions.
Title: Fake news Content: Fake news includes:Misrepresented informationNews items are taken out of contextFailing to check facts or do background researchUsing claims from unreliable sources at face valueParodiesThere is so much skewed news, that we have a difficult time trying to figure out what to pay attention to and what to disregard. We also sometimes lack the expertise to assess accuracy.
Title: Information pollution is harmful Content: The trickle of information pollution, like air pollution, builds up over time. The more we are exposed to it, the more likely we are to pick up false beliefs that are hard to get rid of.
Title: Propaganda Content: People that spread propaganda rely on repetition to change the beliefs and values of other people.Propaganda can be used to improve public health or boost patriotism. But it can also be used to undermine political processes.
Title: The "firehose of propaganda" model Content: It has four distinct features:It is high-volume and multi-channelRapid, continuous and repetitiveIt makes no commitment to objective realityIt makes no commitment to consistencyFirehouse propaganda can include internet users who are paid to repeatedly post in forums and comment sections on social media disputing legitimate information and spreading misinformation. It pushes us towards feelings like paranoia, mistrust, and suspicion.
Title: Overcome the illusory truth effect Content: Information we consume is like the food we eat. If it's junk, our thinking will show that.Quit the news as a way of entertainment. If you want to inform yourself of something, learn from trustworthy sources.Engage with timeless wisdom that will improve your life.Stick to reliable, well-known information sources.Research unfamiliar sources before trusting them.Be aware of sites that are funded entirely by advertising.Don't rely on news in social media posts without sources.Pay attention when news items are emotionally charged, as it may be a sign of manipulation.