Personal Development,Habits,Time Management,Productivity
Title: The Kaizen method Content: The Kaizen method is all about taking small steps into making your dreams come true. As we well know, changes can be scary and so can great expectations. Therefore, when trying to accomplish your goals, take smaller steps, so you can keep your motivation alive throughout the process.
Title: Why change is scary Content: Change is scary 90% of the times and this is mostly because we all tend to think of it as being particularly hard to accomplish: we set big expectations and do not take the time to consider the small steps towards what we want to achieve as being important. While making smaller progress at the beginning might be quite frustrating, it is a safer solution that will eventually lead to successful results.
Title: Small questions and their benefits Content: Asking small questions rather than big ones can prove quite useful when trying to reach a goal. You will not only feel more confident about the results, but you will also stress less and focus on achieving smaller targets towards your big goal.
Title: The mind sculpture technique Content: The mind sculpture technique implies imagining oneself performing a task. Once you get used to repeating often enough this, you will become better at actually performing the task in real life.
Title: The Kaizen method and its benefit Content: The main benefit of this method is that you are less prone to give up on your ambitions, as you have to take small steps towards your goal, rather than trying to accomplish everything at once. Enjoy the change while living it, as this is also an important part of the process.
Title: Identify small mistakes Content: In order to ensure your success, it is essential to identify any small mistake that risks turning into a big future issue. Consider these points:recall past mistakes and learn from themidentify daily mistakesidentify the causes of the daily mistakesidentify whether you annoy your loved ones.
Title: Reward yourself Content: In order to keep your motivation alive, rewards are essential. However, these do not have to be big. They should actually follow the below logic:they should be aligned with your goalthey should be relevant to youthey should be free or inexpensive.
Title: Enjoy the process Content: While working your way out to your big goal, remember to enjoy the journey by learning as much as you can from it: notice and appreciate small moments, as these are the ones eventually leading to success. Take one step at a time and enjoy your life, as you are given only one.