
Title: False Confessions Content: An innocent person confessing to a crime that he or she didn’t commit is more common than one would assume.  According to social psychologist Saul Kassin, hundreds of innocent people falsely confess and get jailed for the same, and are categorized as:Voluntary false confessions.Persuaded (or internalized) false confessions.Compliant false confessions.
Title: Voluntary False Confessions Content: An individual can feel persuaded internally (by an underlying psychological disorder) or be put under an external pressure to confess doing something they did not actually do.There can be many reasons for someone to voluntarily confess to a crime, like a desire for attention, or to punish themselves, or even a distorted view of reality. They may also be trying to protect someone else.The police are therefore skeptical of voluntary confessions.
Title: Persuaded False Confessions Content: Some innocent suspects can be persuaded and convinced that they have committed a crime even though there is no memory of them having committed it.Long, intense interrogations can make the innocent suspect think that he or she has indeed committed the crime, due to:Repeated accusations from the interrogator.Repeated denials and discrediting of suspects version of events and claims of innocence using hard facts and rhetoric.Fabricating evidence or implanting a false witness to the crime.Suggesting to the suspect that he or she may have repressed the memory of doing the crime.
Title: Don’t Hit The Alt Key! Content: An experiment on false confessions using students working on a computer proved just how susceptible an average person is to falsely confess about something. Students typing on a computer keyboard were explicitly told not to press the ‘ALT’ key which would crash the computer.As the computer was programmed to crash anyway, many students who had not pressed the ALT key began to suspect and confess that they had done the same.
Title: Complaint False Confessions Content: Certain punishments or rewards can be set with the innocent suspect that results in a false confession. This may be a threat to life, torture, or psychological pressure.The falsely accused person can sometimes confess due to such pressures just because of a belief that truth will prevail and as they have done nothing, they will eventually be set free.