Corporate Culture,Teamwork,Personal Development,Remote Work,Leadership & Management
Title: Be always reliable Content: Totally reliable members are like gold. Delivering work on time every time is priceless.
Title: Not afraid of failure Content: A good team player is not fearful of failure.Head hunters are now actively seeking out those employees who can clearly recount what went wrong with a project and what lessons they learned.
Title: Share information Content: A good team member doesn't regard other team members with suspicion, envy or resentment.They understand that sharing information is vital to efficient problem solving.
Title: Say what you think Content: A good team player will be able to ask questions and also make suggestionsin a constructive manner.
Title: Never dominate meetings Content: Good team players know instinctively that everybody should have their say and that there is no need to monopolize a meeting.
Title: Don't give in to negative tendencies Content: Great team players keep each other's negative tendencies in check. They balance each other so that the total is greater than the sum of the parts.
Title: Understand team dynamics Content: Introverts will have a different working style and they will hate team-building exercises. The good team player recognizes this and does not see it as a negative factor.
Title: Know when to say no Content: The good team player knows when to say no in spite of pressures from management to take on too much. They can say no beautifully and still be a committed and loyal colleague.
Title: Solving problems Content: You can spot a great team player a mile away.He or she is the one who rarely dwells on a problem or seeks to blame circumstances and other people.They make an effort to resolve the issue and involve the team members as well.
Title: Go the extra mile Content: Good team players will rarely sit passively in their comfort zones. They understand that there may be an element of taking risks but are not terrified of failing. They are always willing to learn lessons and move on.