Communication,Personal Development,Career
Title: Be Yourself And Be Ready For Rejection Content: Having charm is not about deceiving others. Keep strong negative feelings to yourself, do your best to reveal who you are and if you disagree with something, do so nicely.No matter how charming you are, there is no guarantee a conversation will lead into a relationship, but being charming at least keeps you in a positive light.
Title: Be Swift and Sweet Content: Keep the conversation moving at a comfortable but somewhat brisk pace. Don’t cut the conversation short if things are going well, but also avoid hitting uncomfortable lulls. So when the pace starts to die down, it's time to make an exit.On your way outmake sure that the other remembers you.
Title: A Simple Touch Can Go A Long Way Content: Touch is a physical way of indicating acceptance and if properly timed it can be very charming.There's nothing wrong with a handshake when you introduce yourself, but beyond that, don't abuse touch. Stick to safe zones like the outside of the arm and upper back, and when in doubt, just stick to those handshakes.
Title: The Right Kind Of Humour Content: If you know some jokes or have a knack for being funny, go for it, but keep it as clean and broadly acceptable as possible to generate charisma. Nothing turns off the charm faster than inappropriate humour.Witty humor is the safest but it may require some practice. Throwing clever, witty, short comments into conversation will lighten serious tones, endear your listeners and make you sound clever.
Title: Mind Your Manners And Be Kind Content: Acting polite during a conversation, puts you ahead in the game.Actively listen to them talk and don't interrupt them while they're speaking.If they ask you questions, answer politely, appropriately and honestly, but don't talk too much about yourself.Be humble and don't try to inflate reality.Make open-ended questions.Gossip makes you look bad.Flattery can do a lot for your charm, but you want to keep it believable.
Title: Make Them Feel Like You "Get" Them Content: People want to be understood and accepted, so you want to be empathetic to them and their experiences as best as you can. Finding commonalities is key to developing emotional connections:Don’t over-share or ask questions that are too personal.Ask them how they feel about things or what they care about in life. Drop the facades and show vulnerability.Show humility, and try to be agreeable without going against your own beliefs.
Title: Look For "Latch" Words Content: They are words that fit your own interests that you can use to generate more conversation with. If you like to travel and someone starts to talk about going on vacation, you can latch on to "vacation" and use it to segue into stories or questions.
Title: Charm, Don't Manipulate Content: Manipulation is tricking someone into liking you, while charm is just portraying yourself in the best light possible so others can relate and appreciate you. The former is frowned upon, and the latter is a basic social skill.
Title: Approach With a Confident Smile Content: The smile is important because it subconsciously implies that you’re not a threat and makes you look like you're confident and enjoying yourself. People like to be around others enjoying themselves because they will feel more comfortable showing joy.The wrong kind of smile, however, can be worse than no smile. So keep it friendly and genuine and do it often.
Title: Politely Introduce Yourself With a Question Content: Be extra polite and start with a question. Questions are a great way to get to know someone, but they're also your most effective tool when it comes to being charming.People like to talk about themselves andto know that others are interested in them. The question can be anything easy to answer that isn't too personal.
Title: Commit Their Name To Memory And Use It Content: People like when their names are remembered. To do so more easily:Repeat the name throughout your conversation. You're more likely to remember it if you say it yourself.End your conversation with their name in the same way as you started to ensure it sticks with you.Remeber how nice it is when someone you've just met calls you by your name.
Title: Introduce Them To Someone Content: Introducing someone you just met to someone else makes you look good and like you know a lot of people, especially if you say they are your friend. It can also help you remember their name.For bonus charm points, introduce them to a "patsy", or someone that will make you look more charming due to their presence.