Money & Investments,Personal Development,Economics
Title: Financial Psychology Content:  ... is a somewhat overlooked discipline that occupies the space between psychology and behavioral economics. Advertisers and marketers trying to tempt us to spend money are well aware of it.If we understand how the financial environment affects us, we can better control our cash instead of being controlled by it, turning us into more rational investors, more successful savers or less impulsive shoppers.
Title: The Anxious Investor Content: Lovers of risk, anxious investors trade frequently and believe they have the edge over others. Many have absolutely no idea what their returns actually were and only remember their good decisions.Despite their overconfidence, they are prone to be beaten by the markets — and frequent trades mean they often rack up high levels of charges.
Title: The Hoarder Content: For hoarders, money represents security. They abhor risk and may even stockpile cash that they would probably be better off investing — or even spending.Find an advisor you feel comfortable with who can discuss the right investment approach — and level of risk — for you.
Title: The Social Value Spender Content: Does shopping make you happy? Do you frequently buy your loved ones presents “just because” and blow the budget at Christmas and birthdays? You could be a social value spender.If you are concerned about your spending and borrowing habits you need to study your bills — perhaps with the support of a close friend.
Title: The Cash Splasher Content: Cash splashers view themselves as generous, but they also use the money to make others think more highly of them.They are likely to wave their checkbooks about at charity auctions and spend money on things they could easily do without, from expensive cars to club memberships.
Title: The Fitbit Financier Content: They check their online bank balance and track their spending as often as someone training for an extreme sporting event measures their calorie intake, resting heart rate and sleep quality.Take a step back and look at the bigger picture. A session with a financial planner could help you identify your goals and plan for a less stressful future.
Title: The Ostrich Content: Someone who would rather bury their heads in the sand than organize their finances.“Making no decision always feels easier than the possibility of making the wrong decision.”Ostriches should take their heads out of the sand — slowly. Set aside an hour a fortnight at first to examine your finances, taking a close look at your income and outgoings, and where being more organized and aware could save you money.