Health,Personal Development,Habits,Mental Health,Mindfulness
Title: A cluttered mind  Content: It canmake navigating even the most basic parts of our day exceedingly stressful and frustratingly inefficient. 
Title: Mindfulness Content: It is the habit of being aware of and noticing our own minds and the world around us, without judgment.It strengthens 2 essential mental muscles: metacognition (watching ourown minds at work) and attentional shifting (the ability to deliberately refocus our attention away from one object and onto another).
Title: A Consistent Organizational System Content: It is an external strategy for keeping track of what we need to do and accomplish. By creating and maintaining a reliable organizational system, we give ourselves the best possible chance of efficiently processing the day-to-day Have-Tos, so that we have sufficient time and energy to focus on the Want-Tos (the things that really matter to us).
Title: Assertiveness Content: It means being direct and straightforward in what we say and do,setting effective and healthy boundaries andasking for what we want or need.When we aren’t able or willing to be assertive we end up living other people’s lives rather than our own.
Title: Deep Work Content: It isthe ability to perform valuable, cognitively-demanding activities in a distraction-free state.It allows us to operate at or near the upper bounds of our cognitive potential—which is essential to doing our best work.
Title: Emotion-focused Journaling Content: Simply write about and articulate whatever is going on in your life emotionally, big or small.The key is to write continuously without any censoring or editing.You'll be moreaware of your emotions, and able to acknowledge and validate them rather than impulsively reacting so as to avoid them.
Title: Deliberate Worry Content: It isa practice for training our minds out of the tendency toward automatic worry and rumination. The basic idea is to schedule a short amount of time every day to worry on purpose.By creating a consistent time and space for our brains to worry, we discourage them from worrying intrusively during inopportune times throughout the day.
Title: Essentialism Content: It isbased on the idea that only once you give yourself permission to stop trying to do it all, to stop saying yes to everyone, can you make your highest contribution towards the things that really matter.