Personal Development,Philosophy,Communication
Title: Stoic Philosophy Content: Stoicism (an ancientGreek philosophy made popular by Romans) acknowledges the challenges we face and teaches us practical lessons so that we may overcome whatever stands in our way. By taking a practical approach to happiness (eudaimonia), we learn how to maintain it for longer periods of time and help others do the same:Live inVirtue: Be your best version Focus on What You Control ... and accept the rest as it happens. ​Take Responsibility:Even if we don’t control everything that happens, we must take responsibility for our own lives. 
Title: Suffering and Desire Content: Buddha taught that there is suffering in this world, it is inevitable, and the root cause of suffering is mainly the desires we feel.We want something, always, and feel miserable when we don't get it.Stoicism teaches us to live in accordance with nature and to accept that suffering will manifest in different ways in our lives.
Title: Know Your Destination Content: Knowing where you are heading in life, what is your purpose, your direction and your destination is crucial. One has to find one's calling in life.If we travel with no destination in our minds, we are lost.
Title: Caught Up in Theory Content: Theory and principles can get inside our heads and we can just be caught up in definitions.Philosophy may be all about thinking but is not of much use if the principles are not applied.
Title: The Right Perspective Content: The narrative we choose matters the most in the course of our lives.What we tell ourselves decides our perspective and it is formed with first-hand experience along with knowledge and wisdom of the past.
Title: Unavoidable Circumstances Content: Unavoidable life situations and circumstances can easily create a feeling of us being victims.If we are faced with misfortune, hardship, disaster or tragedy, and accept them, then we are positive, make the best of them, and we get out of the victim mindset.Nothing should be on our way to be happy and alive.