Personal Development,Mental Health,Health,Time Management,Habits
Title: Pandemic and depression Content: While trying to survive a pandemic, you should pay extra attention to your feelings. Having to stay isolated at home, for many weeks, can have an extremely harmful effect and lead to depression. And depression is nothing to be joked around with.If there is one thing you should be well aware of during this tough period is that, in times like this, the best is to remain realistic about what might happen to you, your beloved ones and to the world, in general. So you would better keep your eyes and ears wide open for the next couple of months.
Title: Developing a routine Content: When in quarantine, make sure to develop a routine and stick to it. This will enable you not only to get things done and meet your deadlines but also to survive this period of isolation way easier: having a purpose and a schedule will always be better than just wasting time and ending up feeling useless because nothing is ever done.
Title: Relationships and pandemics Content: As we are all self-isolated at present, we might as well take this opportunity to try and work on our relationships.This could actually be the most appropriate moment to build meaningful relationships or reconnect with old friends. What is more, we can even take advantage of the current situation and try to solve conflicts with our partners or kids, if there is anything to be solved.
Title: Take care of yourself Content: Dealing with a pandemic is not at all an easy task. The most important thing to be taken into account is that things have the tendency to get difficult emotionally and mentally, which is pretty dangerous.This is why it is essential that we take care of ourselves by doing sport and eating healthy on a regular basis. As challenging as they may seem, healthy habits are nothing but good for us.
Title: Fighting the same battle  Content: When a pandemic emerges, people have the tendency to feel extremely lonely; they have the impression that nobody perceives the experience as they do. However, in this specific case, this mentality does not apply: we are all going through this.Therefore, whenever you feel lonely or depressed, just reach out for help: there are various counselors and therapists who offer teletherapy.