Personal Development,Habits,Problem Solving,Time Management
Title: Making Motivation Dependent Plans Content: Amotivational spike tends to go down as excitement wears off. The brain is designed to keep us away from a problem; not to easily put the effort that could change us for good.Try the three-second rule. It consists of deciding within three seconds to do what you need to do. The technique teaches you to snap out of it in three seconds and force your mind to do what needs doing.
Title: Replacing Old Habits Content: If you don’t plan on what to do, you will find yourself in the same position you were yesterday.Replace your bad habits with a good habit. Don’t just run away from them.
Title: Using a Reward System Content: Having a systemof rewards and punishments will make the process of changing less daunting as you have multiple points of rewarded success leading to a larger one.To change yourself faster, learn to associate what you want to do with a reward.
Title: Breaking Your Life Pattern Content: To break a pattern,identify and change your routine until you forget your current life. Rewrite your perfect day and live it for at least a month.
Title: Despairing Easily Content: The world is much more connected and more information is easily available than in the past. We have many more choices and they change fast.The reality is that life is progress. It demands constant change and tweaking of what exists. There is no perfection. What exists is change and change needs time. So, be patient.
Title: Solving Problems Content: We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. For change to come, you should be willing to change your current position in life.You should have a stronger character that believes that a solution is possible. Teach your mind that you are not defined by your problems.
Title: Not Having A Purpose Content: If you base your actions on a certain purpose, the friction of doing and not doing becomes easier. Without purpose, your efforts won’t be successful, as success is measured by what you achieve.Finding your purpose is a tough task and it changes as you mature, but it is your personal responsibility. Figure out what you like and what you want to do for the rest of your life, to make change easier.
Title: Not Having Goals Content: It’s easy to try to tackle too much or too little and fail in changing when you don’t make a well thought out plan based on your goals and capabilities.To achieve your dream, you need to set small goals. They don’t necessarily have to be grand but they must be something that’s easy to achieve and realistic.