Personal Development,Habits,Health,Motivation & Inspiration
Title: Dealing with difficult times Content: We may wonder if it is even possible to thrive during difficult patches in our lives.The word difficult could mean something different for every person, but the constant is our commitment to deal with it and hopefully gain strength and wisdom from it.
Title: Keep the big picture in mind Content: What you're going through is just a chapter of your life. The rest of the story is still unwritten. Once you emerge from a difficult period, a blank page will await you to change the record.At the moment, everything feels confusing, but hindsight will be 20/20 vision.
Title: Define your success Content: Define your success. It is critical in order to know yourself. Success could be your health, career, friendships, being a good spouse or parent.Difficult times in life require us to redefine our objective, to modify them to fit our new situations. What does betterment look like to you? Is it better health, better grades, healthy relationships? Write down your priorities and work towards them daily.
Title: Recall your priorities Content: It is easy to forget our priorities when we are faced with daily information overload.To help keep your priorities in mind, engage in an activity or habit that makes you remember them. If it is to get healthy, eat well, and exercise regularly.
Title: Aim for small victories Content: Write down the three tasks of the day that are most important to you and complete them.  It could be as simple as doing your laundry or getting groceries.During hard times, even simpler tasks may feel overwhelming, so be compassionate to yourself.
Title: Be responsible for yourself Content: Take care of yourself like someone you are responsible for helping. Take ownership of your life to ensure that you are not adding more chaos to your life.
Title: Talk to someone Content: Relationships are critical. By confiding in someone, you engage in open communication. They might have a helpful perspective that enables you to thrive through this difficult time.
Title: Practice compassion Content: When a friend is going through a difficult patch, you would likely tell them that they are doing the best they can, that they should give themselves a break, that they can get up again.Now tell that to yourself if you feel overwhelmed on your journey to healing. You may get exhausted sometimes. It's okay, take a deep breath, take some rest, but don't lose the momentum. Do small things that uplift you. You can move forward through difficult times.