Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Communication
Title: Other people’s judgments Content: When you spend too much time concentrating on everyone else’s perception of you, or who everyone else wants you to be, you eventually forget who you truly are.  Don’t fear the judgments of others; you know in your heart who you are and what’s true to you.
Title: Old troubles from the past Content: You can’t change what has already happened, so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.  Don’t stress.  Do your best.Your past mistakes are meant to guide you, not define you.
Title: Daily little frustrations Content: You will find that it’s necessary to let some things go simply for the reason that they’re heavy on your heart and soul.Go ahead and let go of them.
Title: The necessary pain of hard work Content: Strength doesn’t come from what you can do.  It comes from overcoming the things you couldn’t.Tough situations build strong, successful people.So focus diligently, work hard in silence, and let your success be your noise.
Title: Insignificant busywork Content: Many of us spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important.It’s not what we claim are our priorities, but how we spend our time each day that reveals the truth.
Title: Impatient thoughts Content: Patience is not about waiting; it’s the ability to keep a good attitude while working hard for what you believe in.Understand that real change takes time. So don't expect instant gratification.
Title: Things you can't control Content: Never force anything. And don’t hold yourself down with things you can’t control.Stop talking about the problem and start thinking about the solution.  Forget what could go wrong for a sec and think of what is already right.
Title: Unfounded fears Content: We all get afraid sometimes.  It’s not about not being afraid, but what you do when you feel that way.Life is about overcoming fear and taking risks.  If you don’t take risks, you won’t know what you’re capable of.  If you don’t risk anything, you risk everything.
Title: The endless stream of doubts Content: In the face of the mind's endless stream of doubts, believe in yourself.Believe in your capacity to succeed. Believe that your relationships are worth the effort.Believe that people make mistakes on their way to greatness.  Believe that people can be foolish and intelligent, selfish and generous, and stressed and happy all at once.