Motivation & Inspiration,Psychology,Philosophy,Career,Society, Arts & Culture
Title: Things that don’t determine your value Content: ”Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.” - Unknown Self-worth is how you value yourself. It’s not based on what others think of you or the things you have (or haven’t) accomplished—it comes from within. But it’s easy to forget that our worth isn’t determined by outside forces.We notice how our sense of self-worth affects us, but we rarely stop and think about how we're doing our calculations.“Use a measuring stick based on factors you can control—not the external events in your life,” Morin says. “When you know who you are—and you're pleased with the person you've become—you'll experience a sense of peace through life's inevitable ups and downs. You'll believe in yourself regardless of whether you've been fired, gone through a divorce, or failed to get a promotion.”
Title: Punti chiave Content: “While it's normal to feel proud of your accomplishments, basing your entire self-worth on your achievement is like building a house on an unsteady foundation,” Morin writes. “You'll need to experience constant success to feel good about yourself—and that means you'll likely avoid doing things where you could fail.”No matter the type of job you have or how much you love (or hate) it, your job doesn’t define who you are as a person.So what if you don’t have a million Insta followers or Twitter retweets ? In this digital world, it can feel like that number determines your value, but you’re more complex than what anyone can see on a screen.Speaking of numbers, your age is just a number. Some people may say you’re too young or too old, but that’s just who you are at the moment, so just be .
Title: Keys points and conclusions  Content: The more friends the merrier? Sometimes. But whether you have a ton of friends or just a couple, what matters is how you treat one another and if you can turn to them in times of need.Whether you’re a billionaire or don’t have much in your wallet, the amount of money you have or are making doesn’t define your worth. “Going deep into debt to create a façade of wealth backfires in the end because while goods and services have monetary value, they don't reflect your value as a human being,” Morin writes.Bottom line: Your worth is entirely up to you. You are worthy because you say you're worthy and because you believe it. Look within, and trust that you are enough.