Love & Relationships,Psychology
Title: Attachment Styles Content: We all have a personal bonding style, which is based early on in life according to our upbringing and how we act, feel and think in a close relationship.Attachment is our bond with our first caregiver, which is usually a parent. The style we form while growing up usually stays with us in adulthood and beyond.
Title: Secure Attachment Style Content: When a partner has a secure attachment style, they feel comfortable and confident in their relationship and in their significant other.There is a feeling of connectedness, trust, and freedom as both the partners let the other have independence and offer full support all the time.A strong and secure life amply supported by one’s parents builds the foundation of this style.
Title: Dismissive Or Avoidant Attachment Style Content: Many people find it uncomfortable to trust the other person or to get too emotionally close.They are self-sufficient and do not need emotional intimacy. They quickly pull away and ‘go in a cave’ when rejected or hurt.Having negligent or abusive parents is associated with people having this style, and they often suppress their internal need for love and care.
Title: Anxious Or Preoccupied Attachment Style Content: Some people are always craving for emotional intimacy, even when the other person is not serious or romantic.  They are in a constant need of approval and reassurances from their partner, and tend to be anxious when the other person isn’t providing any.These people are dependent on others for their self-worth and are often involved with people who don’t like this clingy style.
Title: Disorganized Attachment Style Content: Some people are doing the opposite of what should ideally be done.Their internal fears and their avoidant attitude are a paradox, and they cannot figure out if they want emotional closeness or not. They deny their own feelings and never fully trust the other person. The feelings of jealousy and rivalry come easily to them. This style is often the result of some major loss or trauma in their lives, which made them never take security and closeness for granted.