Health,Food,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Protein Intake Content: Protein intake is considered a no-brainer. As obesity rates have doubled over the last 20 years, this is what we have been told to eat. It is common knowledge that we have to avoid sugar, refined oils, and carbohydrates, and focus on eating protein, will be good for our health and help us lose weight. Many of us have, over the years, switched to brown bread and skimmed milk.We also believe that we need to eat as much protein as we can.
Title: Protein is Essential Content: A high-protein diet is essential for us to help our body grow and repair. We have been told to eat approximately 55 gm of protein daily for males, and 45 gm for females, based on average weights.Not eating enough of protein can also have side effects like hair loss.
Title: Health Fad Content: The protein supplement market had a valuation of USD 12.4 billion in 2016.The way protein is packed in everything from candy bars to ‘high protein’ versions of staple products, it is becoming clear that it is an ongoing health fad. Many experts believe that products with ‘inflated protein’ are a waste of money.
Title: Marketing Hype Around Protein Content: Protein has been associated with building our muscles. Resistance exercise tears up muscles, requiring protein to be rebuilt by the body. Protein supplement companies promote consuming their products post-workouts, but a majority of the consumers find it difficult to tell if there is any real effect.A 2014 study found that protein supplements have zero impact on lean mass and muscle strength in the first few weeks of resistance training. Protein supplements are a marketing strategy for us to buy protein which we can adequately get (in a better way) in normal food.
Title: Protein And The Aging Process Content: The elderly need more protein for the retention of muscle mass. Experts tell us that as we age, it is imperative that we consume more protein, even if our craving for it is curbed.It is still not advisable for the elderly to get their proteins from supplements, as it has adverse effects on kidney, bones, and can also trigger symptoms like bloating, gas and stomach pain.
Title: A Healthy Gut Content: Maintaining a healthy gut, with a variety of microbes, viruses and germs is crucial for our overall health. Reducing carbohydrates in our diet severely impacts our gut health, so the carb-less Atkins-type diets are to be avoided.
Title: Red Meat Content: ... isn't’ as good as it seems. Eating large quantities of animal protein has adverse effects on our weight, with red meat linked to cancer and heart disease.