Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: Essentialism Content: Essentialism is not the same as minimalism, which states that "less is more." Essentialism is defined as "Less but better."It helps you navigate a distracting world by focusing on things that are important to you. If something is not important, you eliminate it.
Title: Don't Overcommit Content: One of the many reasons we feel so overwhelmed is because we say yes to far too many things. It leaves you in a difficult place of committing to something you didn't want in the first place.It's better to say, "let me get back to you".
Title: Keep Your Priorities In Sight Content: Focus on a single "priority," not on multiple "priorities." The key to living an essential life is understanding what your priority is. Is it your family? Your career? Your hobby?You will know your real priority once you know what you want out of life.
Title: Being In Control Of Your Day Content: Because essentialism reduces your commitments to only the essential, it puts you in control of your day.Many people allow others to take control of their day, e.g., colleagues requesting them to do this or that. When you know what is important to you, your day becomes your day. This involves having to say "no" more than you say yes. In time, others will also start to respect your time more. You will get to accomplish your priority in higher quality, which earns you more respect than trying to do everything.
Title: Taking Small Consistent Steps Content: Anything you want to achieve is made up of small steps that you consistently take over time.If you want to write a daily journal, it is better to set a small goal of five sentences per day, than to believe that you have to write a thousand or more words per day. Over a week, you may not have much to show, but over many years, you will have enough for a novel.
Title: Building Daily Routines Content: Find out what is essential to you, and build them into your daily routines. Your routines will drive you towards accomplishing what you want to accomplish.If you run around doing everyone else's work, you will not be able to achieve anything for yourself.