Mindfulness,Health,Mental Health,Meditation,Science & Nature
Title: The small self Content: "A lot of life's problems are caused by too much self-focus and self-absorption, and we often focus too much on the negatives about ourselves."The small self is the healthy sense of proportion between you as an individual and the bigger picture of the world around you. We should encourage ourselves to connect ourselves with other people, motivate ourselves to find our purpose in life, and look for inspiration to get ourselves to focus on something other than ourselves. 
Title: Social connectedness Content: The key to happiness according to many experts is to have a good relationship with not only your family and friends but also to your community. People who have close and tight-knit relationships aged healthily and lived long pleasant lives than those of money, fame, or IQ. Having good social connections boost both our mental and physical well-being. It helps combat stress, memory loss, and even fatal heart attacks. 
Title: Your life's purpose Content: It is hard to cope with isolation, but finding your purpose is a great way to cope. Many people deal with loneliness on a daily basis and if a man who's lived alone in a mountain for more than 50 years can find his purpose, so can you. Remember that you are a part of a much larger world than you think. There is always so much you can contribute - from being kind to a stranger on the streets or being a part of a community that contributes to scientific discoveries. 
Title: Inspiration when you need it most Content: Inspiration is hard to look for when you're cooped up in your room, but it can be found through the form of gratitude, curiosity, or awe. Here are ways to look for inspiration: Practice journaling in details about the things you are thankful for havingGo for a short walk around the block and encourage yourself to seek the beauty of things Be creative in other ways or just sit still and focus on yourself. Whatever suits your groove. 