Health,Food
Title: There is no "best diet"  Content: The “best” diet is a theme: an emphasis on vegetables, fruits, whole grains, beans, lentils, nuts, seeds, and plain water for thirst.That can be with or without seafood; with or without dairy; with or without eggs; with or without some meat; high or low in total fat.
Title: Best foods don’t have labels Content: Because they are just one ingredient: avocado, lentils, blueberries, broccoli, almonds, etc.
Title: The "Age" of vegetables Content: The best vegetables are likely to be fresh and locally sourced, but flash frozen is nearly as good (as freezing delays aging). Those “fresh” vegetables that spend a long time in storage or transit are probably the least nutritious.
Title: Power bars Content: ﻿...are closer to junk food than they are to real food.Many power bars have nutritional profiles similar to Snickers.
Title: Detoxing and Cleansing are Myths Content: The body detoxifies itself daily; that’s a primary job of the liver and the kidneys, and they are really good at it. The intestines, spleen, and immune system are in on it, too.Take good care of your liver and kidneys, gut, and immune system. Far better “cleanse” than any juice.
Title: Ketogenic diet Content: A diet that starves the body of glucose sources so that it’s forced to burn ketone bodies — products of fat metabolism — as fuel. There is not a lot of evidence to show prolonged ketosis is good for health.
Title: Good Carbs, Bad Carbs Content: Highly processed grains and added sugar are bad because they’ve been robbed of nutrients, they raise insulin levels, and they’re often high in added fats. But most plant foods are mostly carbohydrates: vegetables, fruits, whole grains, beans, lentils, nuts, and seeds, which are quite healthy.In conclusion: Carbs are not evil; junk food is evil.
Title: Gluten intolerance Content: Only 10% of people have problems with tolerating gluten.About one percent of people have celiac disease, and perhaps 10 percent have lesser forms of sensitivity, which may be related to other factors, like a disrupted microbiome.
Title: To lose weight: diet>exercise Content: It's much easier to outeat running than to outrun all of the tempting calories that modern marketing encourages us to cram in.Both diet and exercise are important to health, and exercise is important in weight maintenance. But to lose weight, the preferential focus needs to be on controlling calories in, more than calories out.
Title: There are no superfoods Content: ﻿No single food, separate from the overall quality and pattern of diet, exerts a major health effect.