Personal Development,Travel
Title: Pushing limits Content: Traveling forces you out of your comfort zone.You know and feel comfortable with all the people in the school: the teachers, the friends, the parents, and other school workers.Traveling means new foods, cultures, language, people, and places to explore. It helps you grow as a person.
Title: Travelling and time management Content: Traveling teaches you better time management skillIn your travel adventure, getting late will cost you lots of money. After all, you can’t ask the plane to wait for you.
Title: New experiences and perspectives Content: Traveling allows you to see and experience new ways of living.Have you been to Guangzhou, China and seen people eat cockroaches and worms? You might be able to see the photo of that from a textbook, but experiencing it yourself can only be done through traveling.
Title: Reinvent yourself Content: Travel can give you the blank white sheet – the chance to start fresh and explore the other sides of your personality.
Title: Traveling and confidence Content: Traveling helps you build confidence.With travel, come challenges. And the more challenges you take on, the more confident of yourself you become.
Title: Travelling and planning skills Content: Traveling will improve your planning and organizing skills.There are lots of things you need to plan to have a great travel experience. You need to organize your trip so that you have a place to stay and transportation taken care of etc.
Title: Traveling makes you more interesting  Content: Maybe you were almost bitten by a lion while doing a safari in Africa. Or that time when you were almost killed by a bull in “Pamplona’s Running of the Bulls”?Most of these amazing stories and memories will enrich your personal charm.
Title: Traveling teaches you gratitude Content: Traveling to a poor country can make you realize just how much you actually have. You will meet (and make friends) with people who have so little in their life, but are living their life happily.
Title: Travelling and social skills Content: You will learn social skills much better while traveling, because you will meet lots of new people at hostels, guided tours, bars, cafes, monuments, and buses while traveling. And that will definitely improve your social skills.
Title: Uncertainty and the unexpected Content: You will learn how to be comfortable with uncertainty and the unexpected while travelling.Travel will teach you that the unexpected is rarely as bad as you think. Often, they are just small obstacles that can easily be overcome.