Health
Title: Use an ice pack on forehead Content: If you have a migrain, place a cold pack on your forehead. Ice cubes wrapped in a towel, a bag of frozen vegetables, or even a cold shower may ease the pain. Keep the compress on your head for 15 minutes, and then take a break for 15 minutes.
Title: Use a heating pad or warm shower Content: If you have a tension headache, place a heating pad on your neck or the back of your head. If you have a sinus headache, hold a warm cloth to the area that hurts. A warm shower might also do the trick.
Title: Ease pressure on your head or scalp Content: If your ponytail is too tight, it could cause a headache . These "external compression headaches " can also be brought on by wearing a hat, headband, or even swimming goggles that are too tight.
Title: Dim the lights Content: Bright or flickering light, even from your computer screen, can cause migraine headaches . If you’re prone to them, cover your windows with blackout curtains during the day. Wear sunglasses  outdoors. You might also add anti-glare screens to your computer and use daylight-spectrum fluorescent bulbs in your light fixtures.
Title: Hydration is must Content: Drink plenty of liquids. Dehydration  can cause a headache  or make one worse. So, keep yourself hydrated. You can use a reminder to maintain your water intake.
Title: Caffeine is your friend  Content: Have some tea, coffee, or something with a little caffeine in it. If you get it early enough after the pain starts, it could ease your headache pain. Just don’t drink too much because caffeine withdrawal can cause its own type of headache.
Title: Practice relaxation  Content: Whether it’s stretches, yoga, meditation, or progressive muscle relaxation, learning how to chill out when you’re in the middle of a headache can help with the pain. You might talk to your doctor about physical therapy if you have muscle spasms in your neck.
Title: Try massage or pressure Content: You can do it yourself. A few minutes massaging your forehead, neck, and temples can help ease a tension headache, which may result from stress. Or apply gentle, rotating pressure to the painful area.
Title: Don't chew Content: Chewing gum can hurt not just your jaw but your head. Avoid crunchy and sticky foods, and make sure you take small bites. If you grind your teeth at night, ask your dentist about a mouth guard. This may curb your early-morning headaches.
Title: Take some ginger Content: A small recent study found that taking ginger, in addition to regular over-the-counter pain meds, eased pain for people with migraines. Another found that it worked almost as well as prescription migraine meds. You can try a supplement or brew some tea.
Title: Try to take medicines in moderation Content: Follow the directions on the label and these guidelines:Choose liquid over pills. Your body absorbs it faster.Avoid ibuprofen and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) if you have heart failure or kidney failure.Do not give aspirin to a child under age 18.Take painkillers as soon as you start to hurt. You’ll probably beat it with a smaller dose than if you wait.And be sure to talk to your doctor about what headache symptoms you should not treat at home.