Personal Development,Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management,Communication
Title: Servant leader traits Content: Isn’t concerned about acquiring or holding onto power.Isn’t focused on maintaining a certain reputation above all else.Isn’t obsessed with staying ahead of everyone else on the ladder.Doesn’t fear employees gaining skills and knowledge beyond their own.Doesn’t use domination or fear to control peopleDoesn’t think in terms of controlling people at all, really.Places high value on the community.Is committed to the growth and improvement of those being led.
Title: How to become a Servant Leader Content: Be a good listener. Try todetermine what the desire of the group or individuals are.Practice empathy.Empathy allows you to get past surface issues and to discover what is going on.Embrace concepts of healing.The servant leader recognizes the brokenness of people and looks for ways to make broken people well.Be awareof the obvious and the subtle, both in your own life and in other’s lives.Be persuasive. Use the power of persuasion to help people choose the right path as needed instead of demanding the path.Be able to conceptualize. Servant leaders are big-picture thinkers, thinking of what their team needs to do to accomplish everything, not just the one thing in front of them.Be a good steward.A steward is someone who holds onto something and keeps it in good condition for others who need it down the road. Love the community.
Title: Servant Leadership Work Content: Studies have shown that servant leadership and the empowerment and teamwork that accompay it trickle down. Higher level managers who turn from selfish leadership to selfless leadership end up creating lower-level managers and other employees who then do the same.
Title: Pros And Cons Of Servant Leadership Content: Servant leadership requires dedication to the concept. You can’t make people trust you overnight. It’s something you build.Servant leadership might take too much time for companies that need to be turned around quickly for financial or other reasons.Companies that rely on hierarchy and complex organization in order to function in their industry may not find the servant leadership model useful.
Title: Servant Leader  Content: A servant leader is someone who serves others first, before anything else.Traditional leadership tends to be about systems and structures that make repetitive work and authority a foundation.Servant leadership, on the other hand, tends to be about people.