Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development
Title: Treating cheating as a reward Content: If someone treats themselves to a dress after a week of saving, this undermines the achievement they have made.Try to view the act of you achieving your goals as the treat.
Title: Planning unnecessary meetings Content: Unnecessary meetings can severely deplete productivity out of someone’s working day.Instead of arranging a meeting, see if you can speak with the person in another way. Skype, texting, emailing and phone calls are all efficient ways to communicate on important matters, while still focusing on your own projects.
Title: Multitasking Content: Research has discovered that most people become less efficient while attempting to multitask. Try concentrating on one task at a time for great, productive results.
Title: Browsing the web Content: It can be easy to get side-tracked and find yourself online. Many people plan on briefly checking social media or checking the answer to a question, but end up staying online for much longer than intended.Write down what you wanted to look at online, put it to the side, and then finish off the task you were doing before checking.
Title: Putting off hard tasks Content: Saving the hard jobs for later in the day can mean they don’t actually get finished at all. The best time to do the hard work is first thing, as that is when you have the most willpower. Getting your least favorite job out of the way is likely to put you in a great mood for the rest of the day!
Title: Over-planning Content: Planning every hour of the day in advance to fit everything in can make you stressed out if you start running behind schedule.Try to plan about five hours of important work to do, and leave the rest of the day to deal with any other issues. This means you get both elements of control and flexibility.
Title: Hitting the snooze button Content: When you first wake up, your body starts releasing alertness hormones to get you up and ready for the day. Every time you go hit snooze, you slow down this process.
Title: Thinking about the big picture Content: Thinking about the big picture while you’re working can leave you feeling worried and overwhelmed.Save the life planning for when you aren’t working, and while you are working, try to focus on the immediate task you are doing.