Personal Development,Health,Marketing & Sales,Communication
Title: Instagram grabs your attention Content: For the most part, people on Instagram seem positive and content. They are earnest and sincere.But, scrolling through  Instagram can quickly turn to an hour, which can feel like nothing compared to the hours spent elsewhere on the internet. What you see is of no particular value.
Title: Instagram subculture Content: Following a genre on Instagram can present a wealth of ideas. The algorithm drives users toward content similar to what they've seen or liked. However, this can lead and encourage users toward extremities.For instance, if you are following fitness gurus or sponsored athletes. Then add some photo-editing to alter the body-image you want to project. At the same time, the algorithm continues to feed you with what you like or want until your feed becomes a mosaic of increasingly extreme exercisers.
Title: A form of manipulation Content: Instagram is in the business of data-collection and media selling. It's estimated value is more than $100bn (£77bn).Third-party indexing tools glean data from what is posted and sell it in the form of brand analytics, as information for governments, security and surveillance firms, and corporations.Images posted to Instagram are used to train its proprietary image-recognition software.Instagram follows your movements across the Internet, and you find hints that it is stalking you.
Title: Instagram in the physical world Content: Instagram users in search of 'grammable content are mobbing restaurants, public lands and private neighborhoods in pursuit of the perfect image.New storefronts, restaurants, and art museums are becoming a marketing tool and are optimized for the image. Walking into such places feels like walking into an app.
Title: Instagram algorithm's Content: The algorithm's of Instagram is a hall-of-mirrors. It reveals that more people are posting about staying in. They are struggling with their mental health and looking for a community with fellow sufferers.Technology might connect you to the world, but it is full of people who are struggling to leave their homes.