Personal Development,Business,Entrepreneurship,Money & Investments,Leadership & Management
Title: Start With the Right Perspective Content: If you’re convinced that finding your passion is hard, or that it’s not going to happen for you, you’ll remain closed to possibilities.Choose to adopt the perspective that you can do what you love with your life. One of the best ways to strengthen this point of view is to surround yourself with people who are living examples.
Title: Get Out Your Metal Detector Content: If you scan the landscape of your life, you’ll notice certain experiences peak up. It’s so valuable to delve into these “peak moments” and extract the key ingredients.Make a list of the ingredients that truly mattered in your peak moments; don’t be distracted by the counterfeits.
Title: Look for the Umbrella Content: When you look at all the ingredients that matter to you, they might at first seem entirely disconnected. Let’s say you love French, drinking coffee, playing with words, analyzing and categorizing, and being a leader within a community. How could you construct a career from these?Seek an umbrella; something that all of these ingredients can fit beneath.
Title: Hobby vs. Profitable Passion Content: If you want to contribute your passion to society and make an income from it, you need to get realistic about whether this could actually turn into a career—and what you would need to do to make that happen.Be alert to who might need your newly emerging passion, and aim to have conversations with them to get you clearer on how, where, and when you can serve them.
Title: Expect the Mutiny Content: When you seek your passion, there’ll be parts of you that go into rebellion.Uncover the years of conditioning—from parents, school, partners, and colleagues—and reassure the mutinying parts that your ship is sailing in the right direction.
Title: Find the Limits of Your Bravery Content: Discover what risks work for you. The path of passion is where you do things that scare you enough, without leaving you in a constant state of fear. Expand your comfort zone, rather than leaving it.