Personal Development,Communication,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits
Title: Self-created struggles Content: See life as it is, without all the ideals and fantasies you’ve been preoccupied with.The vast majority of our struggles are self-created, and we can choose to overcome them in an instant.
Title: Fearing judgment from others Content: We fear the judgments of others, even though their judgments about us are rarely valid or significant.Tying your self-worth to everyone else’s opinions gives you a flawed sense of reality because people judge usbased on a pool of influences in their own lives that have absolutely nothing to do with us.
Title: Past experiences Content:  In many ways, our past experiences have conditioned us to believe that we are less capable than we are.We need to learn from the past, but also to be ready to update what we learned based on how our circumstances have changed.
Title: Growing from pain Content:  Real pain, heartbreak, and failure are outcomes that can help us grow.Fully embrace reality and the broad range of experiences you encounter on the road of life, taking the good with the bad.
Title: Choosing our priorities Content: We have to say “no” to good things to be able to say “yes” to important things.  We simply can’t do it all.So be mindful and choose wisely today.You have to sacrifice something that you value less than whatever it is you ultimately want to achieve.
Title: Passion is not something we find Content: ... it’s something we do. Our passion comes from doing things right.If you’re waiting to find your passion somewhere outside yourself, so you finally have a reason to put your whole heart and soul into life, you’ll likely be waiting around for an eternity.
Title: Start now Content: There will never be a better time to start than right now.You will never feel perfectly ready, and the moment will never be perfectly convenient.Start working toward your goals. Don't just wait aroundfor someone or something outside yourself to pick you up and carry you forward.