Problem Solving,Communication,Reading & Writing,Personal Development
Title: Benefits of writing faster Content: You don’t have to actively concentrate on the act of writing itself, but on thinking about what to write.You can write your thoughts down immediately as you are forming them, without suffering from a delay which hinders your thought process.Improved performance in various academic tasks (for example, note-taking during lectures and in-class essays).
Title: Fix your handwriting technique Content: Good handwriting technique:using your fingers as guides, and moving the pen using your forearm and shoulder muscles. This allows you to write quickly, without tiring out or getting cramps.Bad handwriting technique:drawing the letters using your fingers, moving your wrist constantly, and repeatedly picking up your hand from the paper in order to move it across as you write. These issues slow down your writing and cause your hand to tire out.
Title: Maintain good posture Content: Aim to be seated with your feet resting flat on the floor, and with your hips and lower back supported by the chair. At the same time, your knees should be flexed to approximately 90˚, and your elbows should be slightly flexed, with your forearms resting comfortably on the desk surface.
Title: Holding your pen Content: Hold the pen whichever way feels comfortable.Research shows that the way you hold the pen in your hand doesn’t have much of an impact on your writing speed.
Title: A good writing implement Content: Pay attention to:Thickness: pick a pen that isn’t so thin that you end up having to squeeze it tightly, or so thick that it ends up being uncomfortable to hold.Tip size: pick a pen that has a tip size that you feel comfortable with (e.g. 0.5mm versus 0.9mm).Quality: use a good quality pen, that doesn’t require you to press hard on the paper in order to get the ink out.
Title: Your handwriting style Content: You can increase your handwriting speed by making a few simple modifications to your handwriting style, and specifically by simplifying the way you write the letters.Get rid of excessive marks and styling, as long as omitting them has no impact on the legibility of your writing.