Health,Food,Personal Development
Title: The discovery of sushi Content: Nowadays sushi is maybe the most cherished dish in Japan. And most of us tend to believe that it originates from Japanese areas. However, Sushi has first appeared and started being cooked in Thailand and Vietnam, as sources state. Then, it became known in Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines and finally brought to China. While at first it was considered as the food of poor people, who worked in or near paddy fields, it ended up becoming one of the most sophisticated dishes worldwide.
Title: The arrival of sushi in Japan Content: Around 718 sushi had finally reached Japan, after having been discovered and consumed in Thailand and Vietnam for quite a while. While glorified for its taste, it was found unworthy because of its smell.  Actually it was the Muromachi period, between 1338 and 1573, that made sushi lose its smell by changing the way people cooked it. During the 12th century, an update was going to be made in regards to the preparation of sushi, which eventually led to it being consumed in big amount by artisans, warriors, merchants and nobles.
Title: The different ways of cooking sushi Content: During the 17th century, sushi started being cooked in a faster, however still delicious way: haya-zushi involved using vinegard and let it work its wonders on the fish for a few days. In the 1820s or 1830s a new alternative to prepare sushi emerged: Edo-mae, which brought about the idea of cooking sushi even faster.Starting with 1923, this way of preparing the already beloved dish has become popular throughout Japan.
Title: Sushi in modern times Content: One of the best things modern times have brought to us, by means of technology, was the fact of preparing sushi in a fast and exquisite way. Having the possibility to serve raw sushi, which would later be refrigerated, is something that the inventors of this dish could not even fancy more than 2,000 years ago, when the food first appeared. After the Second War World, sushi became known worldwide and even today is still considered as one of the most tasty dishes.