Personal Development,Reading & Writing,Mindfulness,Time Management,Habits
Title: Journaling Before You Get Out of Bed Content: Try grabbing your notebook as soon as your alarm goes off and writing for a few minutes before your feet even hit the ground.  This way you know it will get done, and the activity first thing in the morning may help wake your brain up.
Title: Use a Journaling App Content: While many people recommend journaling in a physical notebook to give your brain a break from screens, if you’re having a hard time keeping up that practice, you can try using an app that you can whip out when you have an extra moment in the day.
Title: Don’t Use Full Sentences Content: Feel free to have your journal as disjointed as you want. Leo Babatua of ZenHabits says he only writes his journal in bullet points; just three to six per day. By making it this easy, he says it’s much more attainable for him to keep it up.
Title: Journaling on a Calendar Content: Instead of getting a notebook to journal in, get a (large) desk calendar or date book, and then just challenge yourself to write a sentence or two every day, on that day.This small amount of writing a day feels attainable. By writing it on a calendar, it’s very obvious when you’ve missed a day.
Title: Make a Template for Your Journal Content: Sometimes the hardest part of journaling is staring at a blank page and not knowing what to write about.Create a template that you follow every day. Maybe that’s writing three things you’re grateful for every day, or asking yourself a question each day, like “What can I do to make tomorrow better than today?” If it’s helpful, you can create printable journaling “worksheets” that lay out the activities you’ve promised yourself to do.
Title: Find Fun Prompts for Your Journal Content: Find a bunch of interesting prompts that you’re excited to write about, and then spend each day journaling on a different one.Search for “journaling prompts” and start collecting your favorites. Compile them all in a Word document or on the first page of your journal and work your way down the list.