Love & Relationships,Communication,Personal Development
Title: Trust is a valuable currency Content: Without it, you can’t build better relationships with anyone.No matter what you want to achieve in life, building trust from other people will be a big part of your success.
Title: A simple truth about humans Content: While we are all wired for connection, we care deeply about ourselves, we want to feel important, and we like and trust familiar things.These ideas are the basic foundation for building rapport with just about anyone.
Title: Avoiding discomfort Content: The first step in the process of developing great rapport and having great conversations is letting the other person know that there is an end in sight, and it is really close.When you approach someone to start a conversation most people assess the situation for threat before anything else. Discomfort in any conversation with a stranger happens because there is no end in sight.
Title: Look accommodating Content: The best nonverbal technique you can use to look more accommodating is to smile. You could even match the other person’s posture, speech, etc. because our subconscious naturally picks up on and likes familiarity.
Title: Speak slowly Content: If you want to sound more credible, once you begin speaking, speak slowly.People who speak fast are usually very excited about what they are talking about.  It could also mean you know your subject. Speaking slowly, however, gives you more credibility.
Title: Just listen Content: Listening is the simplest way to validate others. You don’t need to tell your story; just encourage them to keep telling theirs. Make them feel important. For most of us, our natural reaction is to interrupt, but this means that we are never fully present when someone is talking.
Title: Encourage others Content: A great conversationalist encourages others to talk about themselves.Use the ‘RASA’ approach:  receive, appreciate, summarise and ask. Also, be curious and ask open-ended questions.
Title: First impressions Content: You’ll never get a second chance to make a great first impression with people you meet. So with the few minutes to spare to get someone on your side, make the most it. And always remember, the right attitude is everything. Make sure the other person walks away better for having met you.