Health,Personal Development,Mental Health
Title: Exhausted In Isolation Content: Due to the lockdown, tens of millions of people are sheltered at home, all across the world. There is a lack of routine, emotional insecurity, poor nutrition and alcohol/substance abuse, leading to a collective mental and physical exhaustion.Fatigue can also happen even if your sleep is adequate, as it’s the isolation and the strange combination of boredom and anxiety that make us unhealthy.
Title: Sun Therapy Content: If you can go outside, even for a walk around your home, make use of that. It is extremely important to get some sunlight absorption in your body, as it prevents depression and sluggishness while ensuring a healthy level of melatonin and serotonin in your brain.
Title: Stay In The Routine Content: Having a new routine can be refreshing for a few days but it gets hard to maintain it.It is imperative that we stick to a routine, shower, and dress every day, preferably waking up early, and at the same time.
Title: Take Care of Your Diet Content: The lockdown has increased the sales of chips, popcorn, and processed food, while fresh produce (fruits and veggies) are rotting.Restricting high-calorie and sugary foods from your diet, while ensuring you don’t eat all day is the key to lose weight and gain energy. It would also be great to eat lots of green vegetables.
Title: Alcohol Content: Alcohol and liquor sales have shot up around 65 percent during the pandemic, leading to many of those in lockdown experiencing disturbed sleep and hangovers.It may not be easy to avoid alcohol altogether but is a good idea to minimize it. Switch to tea when you have a craving for alcohol while keeping yourself mentally occupied. 
Title: Screens Content: We are keeping ourselves mentally and physically exhausted at one go by staring at screens, as the blue light affects our eyes and brain, while the content affects our mind.One idea is to just keep yourself updated with credible news sources once a day.
Title: Conspiracy Theories Content: .. are affecting our mental health. It is better to take everything with a pinch of salt, and not to get carried away. Keep questioning the stories you hear and keep a sane mind.