Health,Personal Development,Habits,Mental Health
Title: Sleep Content: Being well-rested is essential to health. You'll have more energy, more patience, and less anxiety if you accumulate eight hours of quality sleep in a day.To ensure you sleep well, create and stick to a sleep schedule and ensure you are relaxed and comfortable when you go to bed.
Title: Hydration Content: Staying hydrated helps keep the skin clear, your mood balanced, and helps both digestion and your immune system.Try to keep a water bottle on you at all times so you have the constant reminder to drink throughout the day.
Title: Exercise Content: Keeping up with your physical health reduces stress and releases endorphins (the chemicals that make you happy).Exercise is also defined as any form of physical activity. So dancing in the apartment, walking around campus, or hitting the gym could all help you maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Title: Netflix Is Your Friend Content: Focusing on so many academic or personal tasks at once is stressful, so a lot of people simply crash. Taking short breaks in between tasks can help prevent this.Don't be afraid to step away from homework and watch an episode on Netflix. It'll help you get out of the stress vortex for a while, and you'll return to work feeling more relaxed and ready to go.
Title: Meditation Content: When we are so overwhelmed by long To-Do lists, nervous breakdowns are not uncommon. But they are avoidable.Meditation is an incredibly powerful tool to combat nervousness, anxiety, and stress. Find a quiet place, get comfortable, and clear your mind.
Title: Eat Well Content: Keeping a balanced diet, with vegetables, fruit, proteins, dairy and carbs takes more effort but is fundamental to good health.For a good diet keep in mind the following:Eating late at night affects your sleeping habits. Overeating can take a toll on your metabolism and energy levels.Eating three properly sized meals a day helps maintain energy levels and a good mood.
Title: "Me Time" And "We Time" Content: Hanging out with friends is a great way to unwind and a lot of fun. But it's also important to recognize when you need time for yourself.Take naps, go for walks, close your door, whatever you need.
Title: Know Your Limits Content: It’s easy to overcommit and end up burning out.Make a cost-benefit analysis to ensure the tasks you have allow you to be healthy, happy and more relaxed.