Personal Development,Health,Mental Health,Psychology
Title: Learn something new Content: ... even if it's stressful.Mastering a new skill means more stress now but more happiness later.The key is to choose the right new skill to master, a challenge to undertake, or an opportunity to get out of your comfort zone. The greatest increases in happiness come from learning a skill you choose, rather than one you think you should or feel forced to learn.
Title: Friends near you Content: Geographically close friends (and neighbors) have the greatest effect on happiness.Individual happiness cascades through groups of people, like contagion. So make friends with people who live near you.
Title: Embrace opposing feelings Content: Happiness can come from noticing and embracing a wide spectrum of emotions--both good and bad.So don't ignore negative feelings. Embrace them--and then actively work toward overcoming whatever issues you face.
Title: Invest in good counseling Content: Intangible experiences, relationships, and communication have greater benefits than possessions, things and money.Studies analyzing ifwe get more happiness for our buck by paying for therapy or by receiving cash in hand found that therapy is 32 times more effective than money.
Title: Say "no" to almost everything Content: Overworked and overburdened is a recipe for unhappiness. So if you want to be happy, get some quick wins by saying no.But say no the right way: say "I don't." Using the phrase "I don't" is more effective than saying "I can't."
Title: Negative visualization Content: Prepare for the worst; hope for the best.There's actually a lot of peace of mind to be gained in thinking carefully and in detail and consciously about how badly things could go.You might actually find that your fears were exaggerated.
Title: Give up your favorite things Content: Just for a day or two, not forever.It's about self-control and willpower: Exerting self-control leads to more self-control over time. Plus, denying yourself something makes you appreciate the things you take for granted.
Title: Celebrate strengths Content: ... and embraceweaknesses.Celebratewhat you're good at, and appreciate that we all bring unique characteristics to the table.