Money & Investments,Personal Development,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Boosting your savings Content: While frugality is undoubtedly important in personal finance, boosting your savings can also be done by earning more money.Whether you're self-employed or working for somebody else, your income is determined by three factors.Your knowledge and skills. Your productivity, both in quality and quantity.Your ability to sell yourself and get paid what you're worth.
Title: The More You Learn, the More You Earn Content: Your education has a greater impact on your earnings than other influences such as age, race, gender, and location. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the average college graduate earns twice as much as someone whose education ended with high school. If you can't commit to college, you can still improve your knowledge and skills with self-directed life-long learning. The best time to pursue education is at the start of your career. The next best time is now.
Title: Work More. Work Better Content: Your pay is also based on the quality and quantity of your work. If you've been making forty sales calls each week, find a way to do fifty. The quickest way to boost your income is to increase the number of hours you work. It can be done by working full-time, working overtime, or finding a second job.
Title: Sell Yourself Content: Your income is also influenced by how well you market yourself. Your employer wants to pay as little as possible for your work while your goal is to be paid what you're worth. To bridge the gap, a smart person will negotiate his salary.Delay salary discussions until after you're offered a job. The same with raises. Discuss a pay increase after your performance review.Always let the employer suggest a salary first.When you hear the offer, repeat the top value, then stop talking.Counter the offer with a researched response. It means you have done your homework before the interview and know a reasonable salary for the position.After you've discussed your salary, negotiate additional benefits like extra vacation days or a company car.