Personal Development,Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Mental Health
Title: The present moment is precious Content: In order to do it justice, we simply need to focus on it. The present is right here in front of you. Relish it.We often stay distracted and multitask our chores, like eating while driving, sucking the joy out of our meals and the drive.Connect with your loved ones, and breathe in the existence, the surroundings, reaping all the gifts that the present moment provides you with.
Title: One foot in front of the other Content: We all have lots to do, as our work, friends, family, home, and social obligations and endless plans keep us running. Thinking about all of the load at once will make you feel defeated.Don’t tell yourself there’s this huge amount of things you have to do right now. No, there’s one thing, and then another. Make a list of your high-priority tasks and get the important ones done, feeling a sense of accomplishment. If you don’t finish all the tasks today, that’s absolutely fine.
Title: Pre-worry Content: Worrying about things that might happen, makes us waste our precious energy and time. The limited thought cycles get jammed with ‘pre-worry’.You have all the time to worry about the problem and handle it when (and if) it happens. Pre-worry isn’t doing you any good.
Title: The things out of our control Content: There are things that we can’t do anything about, and that’s life, a game of luck and skill. The skill( and decision part) you can control, along with how you feel about it.Things like losing one’s job, or having a family member who is sick, are out of our control, and it is no use draining our energy worrying about it. You need to focus on things you can control, like your attitude towards adversity.
Title: Thankfulness Content: We take many things offered to us by life for granted. An active, healthy body, a home, good food to eat, a loving family, even the gas in the tank.Anything that puts a smile on our face is a true blessing, but we only focus on what we haven’t got, or the negative aspects of people, events and circumstances.We must be thankful for what we have in our lives, and count our blessings as we pay attention to the present moment.