Motivation & Inspiration,Habits,Career,Problem Solving,Learning & Education
Title: “Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.”  ―Aristotle Content: To truly know yourself is the most important skill you can ever possess. Once you know yourself, you will become more confident, you will understand your purpose, and you will begin making a bigger impact on the world.So how can you know who you are and what you ought to do in life? Here are the six steps you need to take in order to know your true self:
Title: 1. Be quiet. Content: You need to take time alone to reflect yourself. Nowadays, we have many distractions and spend a lot time on social media and entertainments rather than sitting the table and reading a book.Evaluating yourself is completely truthful with yourself that you will actually be able to see every facet of your life—the good and the bad.Be quiet, close your eyes and discover your true self.
Title: 2. Realize who you truly are, not who you want to be. Content: When you know who you are, you will finally see where you and your specific gifts fit into the bigger picture.
Title: 3. Find what you are good at (and not good at). Content: This might be the most difficult step in the process of finding who you are, but it’s a necessary one.  Knowing when to quit is a gift that everyone needs to learn.Quit when you’ve put in ample time and your efforts aren’t giving back in return. What is ample time? Only you can decide that. But when you quit correctly, it isn’t giving up, it’s making room for something better. Your strengths will show you who you are. 
Title: 4. Find what you are passionate about. Content: Focus more on passion; understand yourself in better ways, and you’ll make a bigger impact. Passion produces effort and continuous effort produces results.
Title: 5. Ask for feedback. Content: If you don’t know yourself, hearing what others have to say about you is a helpful practice. Ask them two simple questions: “What strengths do you think I need to develop further?” and “What weaknesses do you think I need to work on? ” Sometimes our close friends' opinion on us can help we might not be able to see in ourselves.
Title: 6. Assess your relationships. Content: A large aspect of knowing yourself can be found in your relationships.When you realize who you are, you will spend less time spinning your wheels.  When you know yourself, you will find more peace, and you will find success quicker than ever before.