Problem Solving,Corporate Culture,Personal Development,Teamwork,Leadership & Management
Title: How leaders make decisions Content: Leaders understand the complexity of making decisions. Their decisions must always align with these three dimensions:EthicsMoralsResponsibilities of their roleTo no one's surprise, these elements come into dispute from time to time. When this occurs, there are no simple answers but by closely considering these three aspects, leaders will go on confidently that the choices they make represent the best possible compromise between their values.
Title: Defining who you are as a leader Content: Being able to comprehend who you are and what kind of leader you are is important to cover the three dimensions of making decisions.To know who you are as a leader try asking yourself these:Am I the leader I wanted to be before I acquired this position? What are my values?What are the values of the company I am representing? Is it looking to maximize value?What are my obligations as a leader and which should be held accountable towards me?
Title: Evaluate your decisions with previous solutions Content: As a leader it is also important to check whether the problem that you are currently facing has been faced by other before. By researching about the answer given by the company and what was the public's opinion regarding it.You should be able to identify whether the decision you are about to make will fully align with your ethics, moral, and role responsibilities. Is there a need to adjust anything from your perspective? Always make sure to evaluate yourself before doing anything rash.
Title: Communicating your decision Content: Once you've gotten to know who you are as a leader and you've evaluated you decision. It is time to strategize a way on how you'll be able to reveal your decision.You need to keep in mind that there will be times where you have to stand your ground with the decision. Acknowledge that you should sort out all the inconsistencies that could happen when communicating. It is important to make sure that the audience will be able to understand the why's and the how's.
Title: Encourage self-reflection Content: After making a big decision it is crucial to ask yourself:Was I being completely honest with myself in my earlier articulation of my values?What values do put first and at whose expense will my values affect?Allow yourself to reconcile any inconsistencies and any dilemmas you might still have within yourself. Understand that you are allowing yourself to explore your own decision-making thought process which can make you a better decision maker to the next challenge you face.