Personal Development,Career
Title: Adopting a new profession Content: Any time there's a crisis, it can spark self-evaluation. We can wonder where we are in our life and career. Are we doing things that feel fulfilling and challenge us?Whether you've been unsatisfied in your career path or your job seems risky at the moment, this might be a time to map out a future that is satisfying and potentially financially rewarding. 
Title: ‘The two Rs’ of job seeking Content: Reflection. Take time to pinpoint what your values are in your career: What skills and strengths do you have? What do you still want to grow? And what feels like the right move?Research. Align your vision with research. Google what companies and industries make sense. Learn whether you need to go back to school, and if so, what programs would be best suited.
Title: Translate what you already have Content: If finding a new job sounds overwhelming, think practically about how you can insert yourself into an area where you might seem like an outsider.Knowing how your specific experience translates is key. Knowing the fine details of the job, what it requires, and the company will help you to find a way in. Showing examples of learned new skills proves you're really passionate about that role and will grow into it. Employers find that exciting.
Title: Take steps, not leaps Content: It is good to dip your feet in before the big switch. It doesn't hurt to do a side hustle while performing a full-time job. For example, if you're dreaming of becoming an interior designer, ask friends if they know someone looking for help redoing a room.Networking is easier than ever. Email listservs and specialized Facebook groups can offer a relatively simple foot in the door for particular industries.
Title: Confidence and career switching Content: Instead of "fake it until you make it," it's better to believe in yourself and your capability. No employer expects you to have 100% of the qualifications.Don't lie about your proficiency and then get in over your head. Expect to find the job more challenging at first. If you're not hearing back from employers or not nailing the interviews, reach out and ask for feedback. Ask people in that industry to read your resume.