Personal Development,Health,Remote Work,Leadership & Management
Title: Workplace Recognition Content: Employeesthat feel they have a positive personal rapport with their management are more likely to be engaged and feel more appreciated when they or their work gets noticed.A great manager should recognize the effort of their team members and appreciate what they have done for the company. So, tell them what a great job they have been doing, or make a small announcement about it during your weekly meetings in front of their colleagues.
Title: Encourage Employees To Move Their Bodies Content: To reduce stress in the workplace and increase focus and clarity, encourage your team members to do some physical activity. Physical activity such as yoga and running is also a good way for staff to learn how to pace themselves at work.You can also set some reminders every two hours for your team members to stand up, stretch and rest their eyes by looking out of the window.
Title: Offer a Flexible Work Environment Content: Allow your team members flexibility by not monitoring them often, if their work is completed by specific deadlines. Remember that salary is not everything.Letting go of rigid work schedules or allowing them to work from home when possible goes a long way to reduce stress in the workplace.
Title: Set Clear Goals For Your Team Members Content: With clear goals, your team doesn't have to think about what their initial task was supposed to be. It gets them going and focus on the important task at hand, instead of doing it their way, which could lead them on the wrong track.This also saves time, as they don’t have to redo work to fix mistakes, and gives your team members peace of mind knowing what they need to focus on and why.
Title: Work And Stress Content: Excessive stress can interfere with your employees' productivity and performance and can also impact their physical and emotional health. This will then eventually affect relationships among colleagues and home life too.Research also indicates that most workers are stressed and half of them feel they need help to manage stress. Be a great manager, take the initiative to help your team reducing their sources of stress
Title: Common Sources Of Work Stress Content: Poor balance of personal and work livesJob insecurityLow salaries,Excessive workloads,Poor peer support,Limited prospects for growth or advancement and;The task at work that is not engaging or challenging.