Personal Development,Health,Money & Investments
Title: Think of Yourself Less Content: Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less. - CS LewisSelf-esteem that is bound to external success can lead to small spurts of happiness but is not long lasting.Focus more on the betterment of yourself for the sake of those around you, rather than for your own ego.
Title: Be Busy, but Not Rushed Content: Research shows that feeling “rushed” is a one-way street to stress and unhappiness.Too much boredom can be burdensome.To find a balance, learn to say "no" to opportunities that do not excite you.
Title: Be Proactive About Your Relationships Content: Do:Check-in regularly with good friends (around 2 weeks for very close friends).Celebrate the good things in their life; let them know through active and constructive listening.Studies show people love hearing themselves talk and talking about themselves, so let them.
Title: Move Beyond the Small Talk Content: Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor RooseveltDeep conversations are often those we reserve for close friends and family, which explains why close relationships are so important for our happiness.
Title: Treat Yourself  Content: Small pleasures matter.Research has shown that you need to have small wins along the way in order to be truly happy.
Title: Spend Money on Experiences Content: Experiences trump material purchases (in general) for the 5 following reasons:Experiences improve over time whilephysical items can get old quickly.People revisit experiences more oftenExperiences are more unique and can simply be enjoyed.We adapt slowly to experiences becauseit takes our brain longer to get used to them while we are better able to adjust to material purchases.Experiences are social.
Title: Show Some Appreciation Content: According to research, showing gratitude boosted happiness by a noticeable level.Writing thank-you notes, or just a nice letter, is an effective method of increasing happiness and life satisfaction.
Title: Observe Happiness in Others Content: Research suggests that the best way to predict how much we will enjoy an experience is to see how much someone else enjoyed it.
Title: Pick a Skill; Master It Content: Researchers found that although the process of becoming proficient at something took its toll on people in the form of stress,participants reported that these same activities made them feel happy and satisfied when they looked back on their day as a whole.
Title: Aim High Content: Researchers found that setting ambitious goals tends to make people happier.Big goals are often an important element of getting people moving in the first place.
Title: Exercise Content: Research has found that exercise is a proven strategy for feeling better, increasing your energy levels and reducing tension.The release of endorphins has an addictive effect, and more exercise is needed to achieve the same level of euphoria over time.
Title: Don’t Let Time Slip Away Content: "When people realise that their life is almost over and look back clearly on it, it is easy to see how many dreams have gone unfulfilled. Most people had not honoured even a half of their dreams and had to die knowing that it was due to choices they had made, or not made. Health brings a freedom very few realise, until they no longer have it."- A study on the Top 5 Regrets of the Dying