Teamwork,Corporate Culture,Leadership & Management,Remote Work
Title: The Wallflower Content: Wallflowers are the individuals who prefer to be alone rather than in a group setting. Some wallflowers are hard workers, while others can get a little too comfortable in their quiet workspace and lose productivity.For the most introverted workers in the office, providing a quiet, productive workspace will help raise their output.
Title: The Achiever Content: Achievers are organized, reliable and consistent in their work performance. Achievers don’t need as much supervision as other work personalities.They need opportunities for them to advance their goals, encouragement on their opinions during team meetings, and to be pushed with challenging roles and projects.
Title: The Bum Content: Bums are the workers who initially started out as achievers but somehow fell into a slump. They may socialize more than they work but tend not to cause any workplace problems due to their low impact.
Title: The Narcissist Content: Narcissists can be some of the hardest-working members of your team, but they can burn a lot of bridges along the way. Encourage the narcissists in your office to slowly interact more positively with other team members. Understand that they’re more productive on their own, but remind them that everyone is there for the same goal.
Title: The Energizer Content: These workers are always coming up with new ideas and extracurricular activities to partake in; unfortunately, their enthusiasm can often distract them from their main job objectives and responsibilities. Since their mind is always rushing towards innovation and team morale, it’s imperative to keep them in line with their basic job responsibilities, while also encouraging and recognizing their forward-thinking mind.
Title: The Optimist Content: This worker will likely be social and a great mentor for new employees unfamiliar with the work environment. Optimists might also ignore the reality of a situation and provide a dishonest, fluffed-up outlook.Consider placing the optimist of your office with individuals who are more cynical or realistic in nature, such as the analyst or the narcissist. Allow them to share their positivity, but remind them of the sometimes-harsh realities of doing business.
Title: The Analyst Content: Analysts work best in positions that deal with data and metrics. These employees are steady, persistent, and produce quality work without needing a lot of recognition.They need to be put in positions that are data-driven.  Analysts often excel at double-checking and finding flaws, so allow them time to hone in on their accuracy and attention to detail.