Remote Work,Corporate Culture,Productivity,Time Management,Human Resources
Title: Doing Team Collaboration Right Content: Just having smart, intelligent and experienced team members together in a project is not enough for it to be effective. All team members need to be clear and strategic about the common goal and work towards it.The pandemic has made organic collaboration almost an impossibility, and virtual collaboration would not work if there is no intentional drive towards implementation. 
Title: Obstacles In Team Collaboration Content: The logistics of collaboration and scheduling are the main obstacles in getting the team together for a project. Time management is crucial and every minute is precious, especially for remote work.
Title: New Agenda In Regular Meeting Content: Driving a new agenda in an already planned(regular) meeting is a better way than scheduling a fresh meeting when everyone is already busy. The group needs to be kept on track and session notes be taken so that no time is wasted in repeating or scheduling similar meetings.
Title: Sharing Documents Content: Documents needed for collaboration can be sent to all the team members using the company-approved tools like Slack or Microsoft Teams. Make sure track changes are on, and a deadline is set for the review.It helps to make the document self-explanatory so that one can check it at any convenient time at home.
Title: Working Together Virtually Content: Doing work virtually on a shared project using tools like video calling(with audio and video off when required) or being on the phone together, in a way that any question can be asked spontaneously. This helps build positive peer pressure and also takes the edge of working alone at home.
Title: Don’t Let Collaborative Software Overrule You Content: Collaborative tools and communication channels like Slack, Teams, Flock are considered the key for team collaboration but have to be used in a way that you are the master of the tools, and not the other way round. They are for effective collaboration, not for 24/7 annoyance.Make use of the time-tested phone call when you see the group messaging and chat not taking the productivity anywhere.