Health,Exercise & Fitnesss
Title: Back Pain And Posture Content: Maintaining the natural lumbar curve in your low back is essential to preventing posture-related back pain. This natural curve works as a shock absorber, helping to distribute weight along the length of your spine.When you neglect your posture, you invite chronic back pain. Standing up and exercising helps with adjusting postural distortions and can help stop back pain.
Title: The Chin Tuck Stretch Content: Sitting or standing, roll your shoulders back and down. While looking straight ahead, place two fingers on your chin, slightly tuck your chin and move your head back . Hold for 3-5 seconds and then release. Repeat 10 times.Tip: The more of a double chin you create, the better the results.
Title: The Wall Angel Stretch Content: Stand with your back against a flat wall with your feet about four inches from the base. Maintain a slight bend in your knees.Bring your arms up with elbows bent so your upper arms are parallel to the floor and squeeze your shoulder blades together, forming a letter "W". Hold for 3 seconds.Straighten your elbows to raise your arms up to form the letter “Y.” Repeat this 10 times, starting at “W,” holding for 3 seconds and then raising your arms into a “Y.” Do 2-3 sets.
Title: Doorway Stretch Content: Standing in a doorway, lift your arm so it's parallel to the floor.Bend at the elbow so your fingers point toward the ceiling. Place your hand on the doorjamb.Slowly lean into your raised arm and push against the doorjamb for 7-10 seconds.Relax the pressure and then press your arm against the doorjamb again, this time coming into a slight lunge with your legs so your chest moves forward past the doorjamb for 7-10 seconds.Repeat this stretch two to three times on each side.
Title: Hip Flexor Stretch Content: Kneel onto your right knee with toes down.Place your left foot flat on the floor in front of you.Place both hands on your left thigh.Press your hips forward until you feel a good stretch in the hip flexors.Contract your abdominals and slightly tilt your pelvis back while keeping your chin parallel to the floor.Hold this pose for 20-30 seconds, and then switch sides.
Title: The X-Move Content: You need the resistance band to do the following:Sit on the floor with your legs extended forward. Place the middle of the resistance band around the bottom of your feet and cross one side over the other to form an "X".Grasp the ends of the band with your arms extended in front of you.Pull the ends of the band toward your hips, bending your elbows so they point backward. Hold and slowly return. Do 8-12 repetitions for three sets.
Title: The V-Move Content: You need the resistance band to do the following:While standing, stagger your feet so one is slightly behind the other.Grasp the handles, or the ends, of the resistance band and lift your arms upward and slightly outward away from your body about 30 degrees.Keep a slight bend in your elbows. Stop at shoulder level; hold and return.Make sure to keep your shoulder blades down and back straight.Repeat this exercise for 2 minutes each day, five days a week.