Personal Development,Productivity,Psychology
Title: Personal responsibility Content: It means not seeking others to blame for what happens in your life and being able to respond to challenges personally. Being aware that your decisions have a direct impact on your life’s events is what personal responsibility is all about. 
Title: Strong communication skills Content: To take responsibility for yourself, you have to know the things you are responsible for.It is critical to communicate so you won’t make a mistake due to assumptions. Ask questions and seek feedback. And if you do make mistakes,communicate with people about them.
Title: Creating boundaries Content: Avoid over-committing and evaluate your workload before adding more to your plate.Learning to say 'no' or 'not right now' will help you create the necessary boundaries so you'll be able to uphold your responsibilities and achieve all your goals.
Title: Humility Content: Being humble means recognizing that you don't know everything, committing to improving yourself and asking for help.Be aware of yourstrengths and weaknesses and have the self-control to say no to tasks that are beyond your scope of knowledge, despite your eagerness to prove yourself.
Title: Controlling impulses Content: We make poor decisions in the moment all the time to satisfy our impulses, even though these decisions may have obvious destructive consequences. If given the time to really think about the decision, we may choose the more responsible option.
Title: Building courage Content: Build the courage to accept your failures. This is how you demonstrate personal responsibility.Identify the things you are afraid of.Fear is a product of the unknown, and if you are able to accept the unknown, fear will have less of an impact on you.
Title: Persistence Content: Look for opportunities for growth in every failure. And actively seek these opportunities.If you become complacent in your unfulfilling job or dull relationship, you aren’t giving yourself the chance to make mistakes that you can then learn from.
Title: Your authentic self Content: To be responsible for yourself means that you will do what’s expected of you, even when no one is around to know.This does not just mean doing the things that someone else subjectively expects you to do, it means doing the things that you should expect of yourself.
Title: Being organized Content: It will help youkeep yourself on track and on top of your goals and responsibilities.You have to track your personal obligations just as you would your professional ones so you never miss something and to ensure you’re following through on your promises.