Personal Development,Habits,Health,Time Management
Title: Meditation  Content: Meditation significantly lowers depression, stress, and anxiety – the key reasons for a restless mind.Elimination of these factors greatly helps in improving concentration, thus increasing your productivity level.
Title: Playing Puzzles Content: Puzzle games and crosswords are both good mind stimulators and can improve your brain power, confidence, and self-esteem.Their inherent attractiveness lies in the fact they are challenging. Solving puzzles makes your brain work continuously, thus making you push the limits of your intellect.
Title: Artwork Content: A hobby that you can pursue in a relaxed and non-competitive environment opens up the creative windows of your mind.Try something likeembroidery instead of the usualpaintings and water-color drawings.
Title: Learn a New Language Content: The benefits of learning new languages are multifold – from enhancing communication skills in different languages to giving perception and overall smartness a boost and preventing dementia.Additionally, knowledge of different languages helps significantly in the professional field by expanding and diversifying your career options.
Title: Travel Alone Content: Although it may sound a little awkward, solo traveling brings several benefits:uplifting your confidence levelletting you enjoy quality “Me Time”making you a better trip plannerhelping you become a better observer.
Title: Write Down What You Feel Content: Make a list of the things you want to do. It doesn’t matter whether it comprises big or small things.Rather, it’s the presence of a target that matters. Work through the list regularly and give your best shot to achieve your goals.
Title: Give Cooking A Chance Content: Cooking provides 3 main benefits:A great pastimeGood healthConsiderable savings with respect to finances.
Title: Give Self Pep-Talk Content: Positive self pep-talk can turn out to be a great self-booster.A self-talk session should have constructive critiques, compliments, sharing of everyday experiences, achievements, repeating positive comments received from worthy people and most importantly, boosting your own morale.
Title: Do Social Work Content: Helping others, especially the less fortunate ones, is a great way to contribute and to make yourself feel happy and worthy.You can take small steps and do it on your own, like offering food, clothes, or education to a few. Or, you can volunteer for a community cause like cleaning up the neighborhood.
Title: Learn a New Instrument or Dance Content: Playing an instrument not only takes you to a different world but improves fine-motor skills, eye-hand coordination, and cognitive development, apart from boosting your IQ.You may even opt for dancing, which is a significantly low-cost hobby that helps you to enjoy your pastime and even stay fit in the process.