Religion & Spirituality,Motivation & Inspiration,Philosophy,History,Mindfulness
Title: Stoicism: Living According To Nature Content: One of the most fundamental stoic philosophies on living a complete, fulfilling life is to live according to nature, as human beings are uniquely connected to everything that nature offers, including plants, animals, and fellow human beings.Stoic founder Zeno believed that the flow of life comes from living in agreement with the natural world around us. He divided his philosophy of stoicism into three parts, physics(the fertile field), logic(a protective fence) and ethics(the final result of actions). A harmonious existence with nature became synonymous with the Stoic God, due to the same being ignited from within, one’s inner genius or daimon.
Title: Stoicism: Happiness by Four Cardinal Virtues Content: Stoics believed that happiness is not found in the accumulation of wealth and toys, but in abstinence of desires and impulses while following the four cardinal virtues of temperance, courage, justice and wisdom.Arius Didymus, a stoic advisor to Roman emperor Augustus, elaborated on the four cardinal virtues as follows:Wisdom, sound judgement and ingenuity.Self-control, temperance and self-mastery.Justice, kindness and fairness.Bravery, large heartedness and perseverance.
Title: Stoicism: The External And The Internal Content: Early stoics like Zeno believed that one cannot control external situations, people, factors, circumstances and events but can internally pursue a virtuous life and drive oneself towards positivity, health and wealth by our own thoughts, opinions, decisions and duties, which are our own choice no matter what happens in the outside world.
Title: Stoicism: The Inner Powers Content: The fundamental philosophy of stoicism is in fact an optimistic take on humans and human potential.Stoicism believed in eliminating toxic and negative emotions, replacing them with acceptance, joy, gratitude and rational thought.Stoics like Arius Didymus talked of inborn, inherent, untapped superpowers and resources inside us, tools that provide us with the means to accomplish anything with hard work and courage.The purpose of (good) education is to clear and clarify our preconceptions and move ahead in a pious path.
Title: Stoicism: Toxic Emotions Content: Stoics like Seneca state that hope and fear are just two sides of the same coin, a vague projection on one’s future, and can even become toxic emotions. Those of us who are not grounded and are unable to utilize our inner superpower, daimon, are prone to get into counterproductive states like anxiety, anger, fear and envy.Anger is considered the most toxic emotion, and one is advised to be gentle, civil and during upsetting circumstances.
Title: Stoicism: Be Integrated
 Content: Posidonius, the celebrated stoic insisted that individuals must craft their own life, becoming rational, truthful and orderly by themselves. We have the responsibility for our own self, and cannot blame any event, circumstances or other people for our behaviour.ethos anthropoi daimon: One’s character is a personal God.
Title: Stoicism: No One Can Be Alone Part 1 Content: Stoicism philosophies of Hierocles convey that man cannot be completely selfish, living and acting in a world completely dominated by self-interest, without failing or suffering the consequences.If we start to treat our family, friends, neighbors, countrymen and even strangers like we would treat ourselves, we will expand our circle of influence and be revered in society.
Title: Stoicism: No One Can Be Alone Part 2 Content: An individual starts to disintegrate when there is a conflict between him and the outside world.Interconnectedness among one's inner and outer circles is the golden rule of stoicism: the convergence of the personal and the social, which are the two poles of appropriation.
Title: Stoicism: Our Personal Development Content: The stoic Seneca firmly believed and constantly reinforced in his longest manuscript about the importance of interdependence between us and society, be it one's family or nature. We are made for others and our personal development is based on the cooperation of society.A person actively involved in social engagements benefits from the cooperation of others, revealing a deep connection between self-interest, and others interest.
Title: Stoicism: Progress Not Perfection Content: Perfection is not the end goal, even though it is pursued by everybody.It is our constant endeavours and our progress that defines our lives and gives it meaning and purpose. One has to persist and courageously move forward, by resisting anything unworthy andwithout being fooled by the mirage of perfection.