Product & Design,Learning & Education
Title: Nov 13, 2014 ·  11 min read Content: A non-artsy guide to creating beautiful apps and sitesNOTE: For the full, updated version of this article, please go here  . 
Title: Rule 1: Light Comes From the Sky Content: Shadows are invaluable cues in telling the human brain what user interface elements we’re looking at. Shadows are invaluable cues in telling the human brain what user interface elements we’re looking at. This is perhaps the most important non-obvious thing to learn about UI design: light comes from the sky. Light comes from the sky so frequently and consistently that for it to come from below actually looks freaky. This is perhaps the most important non-obvious thing to learn about UI design: light comes from the sky. Light comes from the sky so frequently and consistently that for it to come from below actually looks freaky. When light comes from the sky, it illuminates the tops of things and casts shadows below them. The tops of stuff are lighter, the bottoms are darker.When light comes from the sky, it illuminates the tops of things and casts shadows below them. The tops of stuff are lighter, the bottoms are darker.Well, the same is true for UI. Just as we have little shadows on all the undersides of all our facial features, there are shadows on the undersides of tons of UI elements. Our screens are flat, but we’ve invested a great amount of art into making so many elements on them appear be 3-D  .Well, the same is true for UI. Just as we have little shadows on all the undersides of all our facial features, there are shadows on the undersides of tons of UI elements. Our screens are flat, but we’ve invested a great amount of art into making so many elements on them appear be 3-D  .
Title:  Content: Well, the same is true for UI. Just as we have little shadows on all the undersides of all our facial features, there are shadows on the undersides of tons of UI elements. Our screens are flat, but we’ve invested a great amount of art into making so many elements on them appear be 3-D  .
Title:  Content: Well, the same is true for UI. Just as we have little shadows on all the undersides of all our facial features, there are shadows on the undersides of tons of UI elements. Our screens are flat, but we’ve invested a great amount of art into making so many elements on them appear be 3-D  .
Title:  Content: When light comes from the sky, it illuminates the tops of things and casts shadows below them. The tops of stuff are lighter, the bottoms are darker.