Time Management,Personal Development,Productivity,Music,Science & Nature
Title: Music for better productivity and focus Content: Classical music: Songs with no lyrics are often considered the finest form of the craft, always a popular choice.Electronic music is repetitive, but in a good way.Video-game music: Game composers know that the ideal music enhances the experience while not distracting the player.Anything soft enough to not divert attention and focus is a possibility for your potential playlist ;White noise or nature sounds.
Title: Familiar songs are best for focus Content: It’s best to listen to music you are familiar with if you need intense focus for a project.New music is surprising; since you don’t know what to expect, you are inclined to listen closely to see what comes next.
Title: Lyrics can be distracting Content: For activities that don’t require concentration, music with lyrics has some benefits. But with immersive tasks, lyrics are especially destructive to our focus.Trying to engage in language-related tasks ( e.g. writing ) while listening to lyrics would be akin to holding a conversation while another person talks over you… while also strumming a guitar.
Title: Ambient noise Content: For those that do benefit from listening to music during creative sessions, an “ambient” presence of music appears to work best.Researchers have shown that a moderate noise level can aid creativity, but too much noise has the opposite effect. Bellowing basses and screeching synths will do you more harm than good when engaging in deep work.
Title: Music seems to interfere with learning Content: When it comes to absorbing and retaining new information, distraction in any form is harmful. That includes music.Music demands too much of your attention—even when the sounds are subtle—to be listened to when you are trying to learn or analyze new information.
Title: Music as an escape Content: In a noisy workplace, music may be an escape.While the open space may encourage more collaboration, the chatter can be too much for some people to handle and hurt productivity.
Title: Music makes repetitive tasks enjoyable Content: When a task is clearly defined and repetitive in nature, music is consistently helpful.It isn’t the music itself, but rather the improved mood your favorite music brings that is the source of  bump in productivity.