Personal Development,Productivity,Time Management,Problem Solving
Title: Increase your focus by setting goals Content: Whenever you have issues focusing, try setting goals. The most important tip anybody could give you at this point is that the smaller the goal, the better the result. Therefore, try focusing on one task for 15 minutes, then increase the time to 30 minutes and so on. You will certainly end up surprised by the result.
Title: Organize your tasks for a better focus Content: Organizing your tasks according to their difficulty level has only positive effects on your work. You will not only keep track of what has been done and what remains to be done, but you will also make sure that both difficult and easy tasks are being performed. 
Title: Scheduling improves your focus Content: Carefully scheduling your daily program enables you to reach a better focus. As you plan your day, you should take care of dividing your tasks according to the available time. This way you will know from the beginning of the day what and when needs to be done, which will reduce considerably the time to make decisions, which is one of the main distractions when thinking to start a new task. Furthermore, including breaks in your schedule is almost essential, as these allow you to recharge your batteries and, therefore, work more efficiently afterwards.
Title: Improve your focus by actually focusing on one task Content: In order to improve your focus, you should actually try focusing on one task and one only. Therefore, make sure all possible distractions are being blocked, so you can devote yourself to only one task at a time. And, very important, make a habit out of it. Otherwise, it might not work in the long run. 
Title: Build up your working environment  Content: When trying to reach your maximum focus, you might want to consider building up your environment in such a way that it triggers your brain to start focusing. Playing your favourite music, sitting in a certain spot or position, these are all factors that have an effect on your focus. Moreover, remember that tracking your hours can make a huge difference, as it enables you to see exactly how much time each task and distraction takes. Use this in your favour and you will become able to work more efficiently in less hours.