Health,Personal Development,Habits,Time Management
Title: Avoid Randomness Content: ... when you are ready to wind down your day. This includes not getting stuck in front of screens, social media or even doing a marathon of our favorite show. The brain is firing up dopamine when you have so many random things that run in your mind — in turn, causing you to struggle to sleep.
Title: Eliminate Negativity Content: Negative emotions can lower your immunity. They affect every part of your body. Carrying them up to sleep will affect your health causing you to lack the necessary rest your body needs.Doing something that lights you up can help shift the mood. Force your mind to think of good thoughts.
Title: Do One Thing You Love Content: Your brain relaxes when you do something that is delightful. It puts you in a safe zone where you can enjoy yourself for the time being. Doing it just before going to bed is the best time because it helps to seal the positive energy that will condition your mind the next day.
Title: Plan Out the Next Day Content: Before going to bed every night, make a quick list of the things you will deal with the next day. By planning the night before, the unconscious and subconscious mind will be working to generate ideas and solutions and pull information in the past memory to apply in the situation.
Title: Reflection Content: Be reminded that there are things to be thankful for the day you just had.Know that you have the chance to enjoy the comfort you have and that other people are longing for.
Title: Set Things For Tomorrow Content: There’s nothing more stressing than rushing early morning.Making small adjustments during the night time on your greatest struggle each morning can help you be more productive the next day. It can be preparing breakfast or lunch or deciding on your outfit — be kind and help yourself tonight.
Title: Set Exclusive Family Ritual Routine Content: Share some precious time with people you value — whether it’s your spouse, kids, parents or even yourself.After dinner is the perfect time to mellow down a little bit and share some quality time with the people you value. Take advantage of that bonding time that will be remembered for decades.
Title: Say Your Personal Evening Conviction Content: Don’t ever try to sleep with heavy thoughts in your mind.Remind yourself of the positive thoughts before going to sleep to help you bid the day goodbye in great shape.Think of a powerful verse or quote you like. Let it settle in your brain. And leave it to the wonders of dreams and subconscious to convert them into positive things.
Title: Unleash Your Imagination Content: Let your imagination run wild. Let it wander on the possibilities daydreaming can give.Visit places and create stories inside your mind. Visualize the dreams you secretly obsess over.