Problem Solving,Communication,Personal Development,Love & Relationships,Philosophy
Title: The meaning of bridging differences Content: Bridging differences means finding ways to create positive dialogue and understanding across race, religion, political ideology, etc.
Title: The recognition of common humanity Content: Bridge-building does not mean that you always agree with the other person or find common ground with them.Bridging starts by recognizing that the other person or group has their own needs, tastes, values, goals, and worldview. Bridging happens because someone feels they have been heard and understood.The key to bridging is that you don't dehumanize a member of another group. You don't see them as less worthy of health and happiness when you disagree with them.
Title: Bridging differences is not about persuasion Content: Bridging differences is not to convert people to your ideological position.Bridging is trying to understand someone else's perspective. It requires asking them questions and seeing the world through their eyes.
Title: Bridging differences is not synonymous with compromise Content: Bridging doesn’t mean abandoning your beliefs or values.Bridging involves the cooperation of people, even when people have opposing views.
Title: Bridging differences involves the right mindset Content: When we think about bridging differences, we usually think about big gestures or breakthrough conversations. However, much of the work happens beforehand.To ensure inner work, we often need to cultivate the right mindsets and develop better intrapersonal skills that can build the capacity for more positive interactions with other people and groups.
Title: Bridging differences requires modesty and humility Content: To bridge differences, you need to accept that you don't have all the answers nor that your view is the absolute right one.Humble people show greater openness to other people's views and experiences.
Title: Bridging differences and making small shifts Content: Bridging might involve trying to overcome a history of conflicts or creating an alliance between once-opposing groups to work toward a common goal.The psychological and emotional distance someone needs to travel determines the time it will take to build trust to cross the bridge. Dealing with the smaller concerns first is good practice toward the more complicated issues.
Title: Bridging differences means taking risks Content: Bridging often requires taking risks and exposing vulnerability. When you really hear someone else's views, you may even risk being influenced by what you hear.The willingness to be transformed is necessary to do authentic bridging work.
Title: Not everyone should bridge Content: It's is questionable and counterproductive to ask people to bridge differences when they're being discriminated against or denied social power.It could be harmful to forge a connection with someone who fundamentally denies your right to exist or threatens you with violence.