Teamwork,Time Management,Productivity,Personal Development,Leadership & Management
Title: The first 5-7 minutes of a meeting Content:  This is the most important part for conducting more effective meetings.It establishes the parameters, organizes the terms of reference and tells everybody in the room why they are there, for how long, and what they need to accomplish.
Title: Begin right on time Content: During a meeting, do not penalize the people who were there on time by waiting for others who are late.Assume that the latecomer is not coming at all and get right on with the meeting.
Title: Encouraging open discussions Content: Leaders should take up the role of facilitators and avoid dominating the discussions.During meetings, it’s very important to get input from everybody, not only from those eager to contribute but even from those who are shyer and less likely to speak up.
Title: Delegating leadership Content: The way to avoid inadvertently dominating the meeting is to delegate meeting leadership.Whenever possible, assign the meeting management responsibility to someone else, to build subordinates skills. It is a great training tool that gives employees the opportunity to build their meeting management skills, organize their thought, and perform in front of a group.
Title: Press for closure Content: Once you start talking on a subject, discuss it thoroughly but press for closure on what has been decided and who’s going to do what and by when, before you go on to the next item on the agenda of the meeting.The inability to keep on track and to press for closure are the two major time wasters and major complaints from people who attend non-effective meetings.
Title: Summarizing the main points Content: Summarize at the end of each discussion point and at the end of the meeting your time and action schedules, and your implementation plan and assignments. Then have everybody in the meeting agree on what has been decided.
Title: Peer pressure Content: People who agree to do something in front of their peers are much more likely to follow through. If everyone heard them say that they would do something by Thursday at noon, it is much more likely that they will have an internal incentive that will save you the need to monitor, inspect and control.
Title: Distribute minutes within 24 hours Content: ...from the meeting. The more important the decisions that have been taken, the more important that you have them distributed in writing so that if they have questions they can get back to you.