Religion & Spirituality,Science Fiction
Title: Carl Sagan and His Perspective  Content: In Carl Sagan’s 1960 Ph.D. thesis, he concluded that due to the crushing carbon dioxide atmosphere, Venus was experiencing the unbearable temperatures. In 1967, Sagan and Harold Morowitz theorized about the possibility of life in the clouds of Venus. This idea was not well received.“If small amounts of minerals are stirred up to the clouds from the surface, it is by no means difficult to imagine an indigenous biology in the clouds of Venus,” they wrote in a paper in Nature .
Title: Oceans on Venus? Content: New studies of Venus have led to the conclusion that it might have lost its oceans only 700 million years ago, enough time since the formation of the planet for life to have evolved and then escaped to the clouds.In 2004, Dirk Schulze-Makuch, suggested that microbes floating in the clouds could be coated with a compound called cyclooctasulfur that would act as a sunscreen and convert ultraviolet light into visible wavelengths for photosynthesis.
Title: Phosphine Discovered on Venus’ Atmosphere — A Sign of Life? Content: On Sept. 14 the discovery of phosphine, a gas, in Venus’s atmosphere was announced.The scientists could not think of anything that might have produced it other than microbes in the clouds. “We’re not saying we discovered life on Venus,” Sara Seager of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology said.On Earth, the only natural source of phosphine is microbes; the gas is often associated with feces.
Title: Proven or Debunked? Content: Dr. Seager and her colleagues theorized the lifecycle of such organisms:The microbes inhabit droplets of sulfuric acid in the clouds, as the droplets collide,more and more microbes come together to metabolize and divide.The drops grow heavy to rain, but evaporate before hitting the ground, causing the them to dry out and grow dormant.Venus has a layer of haze.These spores drift back up to the clouds due to gravity waves, where they become seeds for new droplets to condense on. ♾