Personal Development,Communication,Career,Leadership & Management
Title: Great Leadership Content: Great leaders inspire people to do better and develop their skills because leaders with a great leadership style can make anyone appear more competent than they actually are, and that builds confidence within the individual.However, leaders who do have poor methods can drag down an individual with an exceptional skill set or even the whole team.
Title: Social Markers in the Workplace Content: Great leadership style is different from your own personality. It derives from the social markers that we express in the workplace. The signals we send to others about our status fall into two categories: Power and Attractiveness.Powerful markers are associated with expressions of confidence and competence along with abrasiveness and intimidation. Attractive markers are related to expressions of agreeableness and likability but also diffidence and submissiveness.
Title: Blended Leadership Style Content: Our default leadership style is called natural style. Whenever we are in neutral situations it is our selected option and we behave relatively powerful with it.Natural style has five categories: powerful, lean powerful, blended, lean attractive, and attractive.A  blended style  is best described as having "presence". It is rare because it involves an equal use of both power and attractiveness markers.
Title: Achieving a Blended Leadership Style Content: Know yourself: Ask yourself, "where do you fall on the leadership style spectrum?" If you are unsure where you fall under, keep track of your actions and behavior during various interactions.  Experiment with various styles: When you begin to have an understanding of where you fall in the spectrum, constantly practice new behaviors to make it feel more familiar and less awkward. Read the room: Assess their behaviors and actions before deciding on an approach.
Title: Leadership Is A Normative Construct Content: Leadership style cannot be fully separated from unconscious biases and discrimination.However, we do not advise women and minorities to not be upset, to not disagree, and to not promote their achievements. Rather, to carefully select their social markers and develop a blended style that is suited to them.The right assortment can allow you to show loyalty to the group you want to lead while still maintaining your uniqueness.