Health
Title: The Infectious Disease Spreads Content: As a Pandemic spreads across the world, countries have initiated lockdowns, closing schools and non-essential businesses, leaving most of us at home.Protecting Ourselves From Each Other:Social Distancing creates a physical separation that reduces one’s risk of infection. However, if we are not living alone, we cannot be completely isolated or protected and may have to take a call on the living situation.Forget about sleepovers, relatives, friends visits, playdates, parties or group gatherings!
Title: Elders Content: Elders and anyone with a compromised immune system have to be taken care of by limiting direct contact with them while making sure any contact is done after thoroughly washing the hands. One can stay connected using text messages, phone calls or video chat, as we have to avoid visiting elders at any cost.
Title: Being With An Exposed Person Content: Infected people are initially unable to realize they are, in fact, infected, as there are no symptoms. Yet they are spreading the infection to others silently.It is imperative to limit contact with others in one’s household, and practice social distancing from them, in separate rooms.Wash your hands regularly and maintain good hygiene.Do not share utensils or household items.Clean surfaces like remote controllers, handles, faucets and your phone, with mild cleaning liquids. Self-quarantine is required for at least 14 days.
Title: Handling An Infected Family Member Content: It is crucial to protect yourself while taking care of the sick family member, and immediate isolation of the sick person is mandatory.Only one person can be assigned to take care of the sick person while maintaining the hand washing and hygiene protocol.Do not let the sick person sneeze in the open.Do not share utensils or household items.Keep the room ventilated.Wear masks.
Title: Six Feet Apart Content: In case one is not able to put the sick family member in a separate room, one should maintain a six feet distance at least, and everyone should wear a mask. Hand-washing and cleaning of surfaces in the household is a top priority.